--- Amber ---
Gesangzhuoma (Amber) was born and raised in the Tibetan region of Shangri-La in Yunnan, China. Her
professional endeavors included angel investing with Zhenfund, leading M&amp;A with Opay, and
launching blockchain startups. Amber is a core contributor to Zuzalu, a social tech innovation
incubation initiative through pop-up cities, with a vision to create new models of governance with
technology, supporting the design of new network states, and shaping a more compassionate and
equitable world. Amber built a vibrant community for web3 female entrepreneurs. Amber has traveled
to 50+ countries. She loves dancing and mountaineering. She has a a bachelor's in International
Relations from Peking University. Amber is from China.

--- Lozangtashi ---
Luosangzhaxi (Lozangtashi) is from the Aba Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture in Sichuan. He
will obtain his master's degree in Teacher Education from the Center for Teacher Education Research
(CTER) at Beijing Normal University. He holds a dual bachelor's degree in Education and English.
Luosangzhaxi has led student teams to organize various Chinese cultural exchange activities,
attracting nearly 200,000 online and offline participants. He has also led several voluntary
teaching programs and field research in China's ethnic minority regions, contributing to policy
advisory reports adopted by government leaders. Additionally, he has written or published work on
teacher education and has delivered presentations at domestic and international academic
conferences. Luosangzhaxi is from China.

--- Fei Abdi ---
Fei (Samia) Abdi is a Software Engineer at JP Morgan Chase &amp; Co., with a record of using
technology to address community and global challenges. Holding a B.S. in Psychology and a minor in
Computer Science, Abdi combines cultural awareness with technological innovation. She founded
Enjoining Good to tackle humanitarian issues, providing over $22,000 towards urgent aid to orphans
in the Horn of Africa. As a published author, Abdi conducted research on social challenges at the
University of Minnesota. She aspires to be a global leader at the crossroads of technology and
social issues. Samia is from the United States.

--- Nurzada Abdivalieva ---
Nurzada Abdivalieva is a Sociology graduate from the University of Cambridge, currently working as a
Research Associate at the University of Central Asia, specializing in health and climate change.
Having received three fully funded scholarships, she has leveraged her experiences to create
educational content on free education abroad, empowering over 47,000 followers. Nurzada also served
as the president of the US-Central Asia Education Foundation Fellows and the Youth Social
Entrepreneurship Program, leading a community of over 50 scholars and organizing impactful workshops
and events on community empowerment. She is committed to designing sustainable and socially
equitable environmental policies. Nurzada is from Kyrgyzstan

--- Diamond Abiakalam Chinagorom ---
Diamond Abiakalam Chinagorom is a senior at Mount Holyoke College studying Economics. She is the co-
founder of The Downtime With Diaya Podcast, a platform dedicated to sharing the stories of young
African women, and a founding member of the Nigerian Stories Archive, a digital repository of
Nigerian oral history. At Mount Holyoke College, she has worked as a resident advisor, led the Her
Campus Magazine Chapter, and co-founded the first investment club. Diamond aspires to develop more
assertive trade and investment policies that will enable African countries to play a more active
role in the global economy. Diamond is from Nigeria.

--- Jason Adelhoefer ---
Siegfried (Jason) Adelhoefer is a medical doctor and has obtained a bachelor’s degree in
Philosophy/Business Administration from the Humboldt University of Berlin. He is passionate about
evidence-based health policy and has worked for the governing party at the German Bundestag. As a
Schwarzman Scholar, he wants to leverage China’s healthcare reform processes to healthcare systems
in the European Union and hopes to pursue a career as a policy advisor on the national or
continental level. Jason has been a scholar of the Konrad Adenauer Foundation, the German Foundation
Integration DSI, and the German Academic Exchange Service. Jason is from Germany.

--- Naomi Adeniji ---
Oluwamayowa (Naomi) Adeniji graduated with a degree in Civil, Structural, and Environmental
Engineering from Trinity College Dublin. With roots in both Ireland and Nigeria, they are passionate
about advancing sustainability. Naomi combines an analytical approach with collaborative leadership
in their aspirations to address complex challenges in the energy transition. Their work spans
climate-focused innovation projects and inclusive initiatives such as founding Trinity’s Equality in
STEM Society and mentoring at Teen-Turn. With a global outlook and a particular interest in China’s
role in shaping sustainable technologies, Naomi aspires to drive systemic change at the intersection
of environment, equity, and innovation. Naomi is from Ireland and Nigeria.

--- Victoria Agostini ---
Victoria Agostini holds a B.A. in International Relations from Pomona College. Following graduation,
she joined Flexport, a technology-driven freight forwarder, as an operations associate. She later
transferred to Denmark to support Flexport Europe’s commercial expansion. Now a senior account
manager, she helps businesses navigate the complex logistics market and drive supply chain
improvements. She also co-manages Affected, a music and art collective that produces experimental
concerts in Copenhagen. Through Schwarzman Scholars, she will study China’s trade policy to develop
international collaboration strategies for the freight industry to minimize disruptions during
geopolitical crises. Tori is from the United States.

--- Ariana Ahmed ---
Ariana Ahmed graduated from Hunter College, City University of New York, with a degree in Political
Science and Public Policy. At McKinsey &amp; Company, she works on the Organizational Health Index
(OHI) for nonprofits, impacting over 200 organizations globally. As student government president,
she represented 23,400+ students and published research on LGBTQ+ immigration laws as a Mellon
Humanities Fellow. At the Ford Foundation, she led philanthropic projects supporting post-hurricane
recovery in Puerto Rico. Ariana aims to bridge global nonprofit efforts and explore the intersection
of law, nonprofit operations, and social impact as a Schwarzman Scholar. She holds dual citizenship
in Bangladesh and the United States.

--- Zarrish Ahmed ---
Zarrish Ahmed studied at Georgetown University in Qatar, majoring in International Politics with a
certificate in South Asian Studies. She has spearheaded flagship programs like Hoya Welcome Week and
First Year Experience, building inclusive communities for over 200 peers. She also served as student
government vice president and chief of staff, where she oversaw governance of over 500 students.
Zarrish has interned at Pakistan’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs and worked at the Center for Security
and Emerging Technologies, analyzing Chinese tech developments. Her research on flood governance has
been presented internationally. Through community-focused policymaking, Zarrish aspires to bridge
state-society divides in Pakistan. Zarrish is from Pakistan.

--- Emmanuel Akandwanaho ---
Emmanuel Akandwanaho is a Land Economics graduate and the founder of Cities Youth Initiative. He is
a 2024 Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung Youth4Policy Innovation Fellow, 2022 UN Local Pathways Fellow,
editorial member of the Future Leaders of African Real Estate Society, and a recipient of the
community action award from Aspire Leadership Program. Emmanuel has served as a student
representative and vice-chairperson of Young Surveyors Network on the council of the Institution of
Surveyors of Uganda. He aspires to become a global leader in land governance and urban development,
addressing urban housing challenges in developing countries. Emmanuel is from Uganda.

--- Oluwadamilola Akintewe ---
Oluwadamilola Akintewe founded Project Rebirth, a social initiative providing income generating
skills programmes and microloans to women to tackle poverty. In her multiple advocacies, she has
mobilised and empowered people for gender equality in over 30 countries. Oluwadamilola hopes to
develop global solutions to the issue of economic marginalisation and become a leader for women’s
economic empowerment through the Schwarzman Scholars network. Her accolades include being recognised
by the African Union as the youngest Women of Impact, a Late Princess Diana Legacy Award recipient
and a finalist of the Global Student Prize. Oluwadamilola is from Nigeria.

--- Maha AlAbduljabbar ---
Maha AlAbduljabbar is a consultant at BCG and a social entrepreneur who is passionate about
innovation and global diplomacy. As the curator of the WEF Riyadh Global Shapers, she advanced over
50 initiatives, earning the #1 hub project ranking in MENA. She founded SPARK Social Innovation and
Tura, an NGO backed by HRH the Crown Prince’s Misk Foundation. Recognized as a Young Arab Pioneer, a
two-time S4CC awardee, and a recipient of BCG’s global Key to Purpose, Maha holds two Guinness World
Records for social impact projects, participating on over 40 platforms from the G20 Y20 to UN ECOSOC
to drive inclusive development. Maha is from Saudi Arabia.

--- Ryan Alezz ---
Ryan Alezz is a researcher and community leader passionate about strengthening healthcare systems in
resource-limited settings. At Johns Hopkins University, he served as president of the Muslim Student
Association, where he expanded interfaith partnerships and secured lasting institutional support for
religious accommodations. He led engineering teams to design a pacemaker training simulator and an
automated food distribution system for food deserts. His global health research includes evaluating
oxygen infrastructure in West Africa and mental health programs for refugees on the Thai–Myanmar
border. Ryan aspires to be a physician-engineer advancing health equity worldwide. Ryan is a citizen
of the United States.

--- Esen Alimzhan uulu ---
Esen Alimzhan uulu is a purpose-driven young leader, fintech professional, and social entrepreneur.
He founded the NGO, Insan Develop, to close educational gaps in his village, helping over 100
students gain acceptance to top Kyrgyz universities. As co-founder of the Kyrgyz Club in Hungary, he
fostered cultural exchange and built a community of 600 Kyrgyzstanis. As a Stipendium Hungaricum
Scholar, he graduated from Corvinus University of Budapest and joined Wise’s competitive rotational
graduate program. He aspires to be a global development leader, reducing poverty and improving the
living standards in Central Asia by leveraging China’s development experience. Esen is from
Kyrgyzstan.

--- Laith Aljohmani ---
Ronan (Laith) Aljohmani graduated in Dentistry from Trinity College Dublin, where he was elected a
Foundation Scholar in 2021, the country’s highest undergraduate academic honor. He earned the
Costello Medal for national public health research and has delivered emergency dental care to
refugee populations, including on a humanitarian mission in Syria. A diplomat and member of the
Royal College of Surgeons Ireland, he completed a fully funded master’s degree in Tissue Engineering
at RCSI and received a scholarship in medicine from Trinity College Dublin. Laith aspires to lead
healthcare innovation and biotechnology, forging global partnerships — particularly with China — to
drive scalable impact in his home communities. Laith is from Ireland.

--- Leonardo Alves Amaral Torres ---
Leonardo Alves Amaral Torres is a tech entrepreneur advancing public safety in Brazil, where his
product leadership has helped law enforcement solve over 10,000 crimes. As product manager for an
app used by 75,000 citizens to share crime-scene video evidence, he leads a multidisciplinary team
building scalable technology for safer cities. He holds a bachelor’s degree in Electrical
Engineering from the Universidade de São Paulo and earned a merit-based scholarship for his master’s
degree in France. At COP27, he represented his French university as a youth delegate. Through
Schwarzman Scholars, he will study China’s green finance models to launch a Brazilian sustainability
investment fund. Leonardo is from Brazil.

--- Phillip An ---
Guangning (Phillip) An is the co-founder of Homebase, a real estate technology startup that seeks to
democratize homeownership across Southeast Asia. Homebase is the first company from Vietnam to be
backed by Y Combinator and has raised $50m+ in equity and debt funding from leading global
investors. Prior to founding Homebase, Phillip previously worked at Goldman Sachs, LinkedIn, and
McKinsey. Phillip studied at Harvard University and California Institute of Technology. He was named
as a recipient of the Forbes 30 Under 30 and Tatler Gen.T List prizes. Phillip is from the United
States.

--- Jack Anderson ---
Jack Anderson is transforming Australia’s education system as we know it. As a seven-time author,
Harvard master's student and the co-founder of Elucidate Education, Jack has provided more than
100,000 marginalised students with equitable access to textbooks, online content and educational
videos. To achieve this, he leads 70 volunteers and runs rural donation trips across Australia to
donate thousands of textbooks and laptops to rural and Indigenous students. Driven by a passion to
use education technology to bridge the education gap, he pursued a Master of Education in Learning
Design, Innovation and Technology at Harvard University. Jack is from Australia.

--- Stephanie Anderson ---
Stephanie Anderson is a graduate of New York University Shanghai, where she graduated with a degree
in Political Science, minored in Mandarin, and served as student body president. She is currently
working with Fulbright South Korea as an English teacher to around 600 South Korean middle school
students. Stephanie is passionate about women’s inclusion in athletic spaces, having coached women’s
soccer teams in Shanghai, Abu Dhabi, Paris, and now South Korea. Stephanie hopes to work with the
U.S. Department of State as a foreign service officer and improve political relationships between
the United States and China. Stephanie is from the United States.

--- Amara Anigbo ---
Sophia (Amara) Anigbo is a product manager at Google, leading strategies for Google Meet hardware
that have driven a 12.3% growth in new users through large-scale enterprise deployments. Previously,
she developed cutting-edge mixed reality applications at Microsoft, empowering frontline workers in
industries like pharmaceuticals and automotive. A Posse Scholar, Amara holds a B.S. in Computer
Science from Dickinson College. As a Schwarzman Scholar, she aims to leverage China’s 5G
communication infrastructure expertise to bridge Africa’s digital divide, driving economic growth
and accelerating its participation in the Fourth Industrial Revolution. Amara is a dual citizen of
Nigeria and the United States.

--- Vilas Annavarapu ---
Vilas Annavarapu is a passionate educator, social entrepreneur, and environmental justice advocate.
As the Environmental Justice Fellow for the Great Plains Institute, he works with communities to co-
create Mississippi's first Just Transition plan through community engagement, research, and
advocacy. Further, Vilas is the co-founder of the nonprofit Riverside Collective, a community
cooperative in Jackson, Mississippi, that addresses issues of economic democracy, equitable
education, and worker ownership. He holds a master’s in teaching from the University of Mississippi
and is a Jefferson Scholar alumnus of the University of Virginia. Vilas is from the United States.

--- Chinonso Anyanwu ---
Chinonso Anyanwu is a senior at Rutgers University-Newark, studying Economics, Finance, and Social
Justice as an HLLC scholar. He is the founder of The Rutgers Black Professionals Network and was a
three-year member of the men’s basketball team. Chinonso has held internships at Accenture, The
Baupost Group, and the U.S. Senate while also leading several community initiatives in Newark. A
Resolution Fellow, he founded Synergy, a social venture addressing economic development in
underserved communities. He aims to eradicate racial wealth disparities through his work at the
intersection of economics, policy, and technology. Chinonso is from the United States and Nigeria.

--- Celene Aridin ---
Celene Aridin is a graduate of University of California, Davis with a degree in International
Relations and minor in Arabic. She served as the president of the University of California Student
Association, representing 230,000 undergraduate students across California. During her time in the
Association, she advocated for millions of dollars from both the state and the university to support
students. Celene hopes to continue her higher education advocacy to support and develop programs in
the Middle East and North Africa. Celene is a citizen of the United States and Algeria.

--- Somya Arora ---
Somya Arora graduated from Princeton University with a B.S.E. in Computer Science. She is a software
engineer building next-generation neural sensing wearables at Meta's Reality Labs Research. At Meta,
Somya developed data infrastructure that accelerated over a dozen research programs and spearheaded
the design of a $20 million high-performance cluster to train AI models for wearable technologies.
Drawing on her expertise in AI-powered wearables and lessons from China’s approach in scaling
healthcare access, Somya hopes to expand healthcare equity by translating high-tech wearable
innovation into low-cost deployable solutions across rural India. Somya is from the United States.

--- Cowiya Arouna ---
Cowiya Arouna is an associate on the Strategic Investments team at Bank of America, analyzing
principal investments in fintech companies across Blockchain, AI, Carbon Credits, and more.
Ingrained in the VC community, Cowiya invests in African tech startups and published an African
investment thesis. Cowiya earned a degree in Quantitative Economics from Smith College and served as
president of the Black Students' Alliance. In 2016, she co-founded a youth-led NGO that changed
education policy in Connecticut. Cowiya aims to develop the Togolese economy through
entrepreneurship, and strengthen global relations with China. Cowiya is from the United States and
Togo.

--- Sholpan Arzhan ---
Sholpan Arzhan is a human rights professional at the United Nations, dedicated to sustaining human
dignity for all. She began her international career at the International Atomic Energy Agency in
Vienna before joining UN Human Rights in Geneva, where she manages UN Humanitarian Funds' projects
that support more than 60,000 survivors of torture, modern slavery, and trafficking annually. The
2025 U.S. funding withdrawal became a pivotal moment, revealing the fragility of mechanisms tied to
political cycles and inspiring her to explore sustainable models bridging governments, civil
society, and the private sector. Sholpan is from Kazakhstan.

--- Garrett Audet ---
Garrett Audet is a first-generation graduate with a dual degree in Business and Computing from
Queen’s University. He has served in Canada’s military intelligence unit, represented the country at
the World Trade Organization, and helped scale Neo Financial, the nation’s fastest-growing startup.
Passionate about the intersection of government and innovation, Garrett has worked across the
private, public, and nonprofit sectors, exploring how technology can build more responsive systems.
As a Schwarzman Scholar, he aims to learn how such innovations can be better integrated into public
institutions, helping governments meet the emerging challenges of the 21st century. Garrett is from
Canada.

--- Joon Baek ---
Beom Joon Baek graduated with a B.A. in Computer Science and Physics from Columbia University and is
pursuing an M.S. in Computer Science, focusing on Machine Learning. He co-founded Youth for Privacy,
advocating for youth privacy rights globally, and has spoken at UN forums on privacy regulations. As
president of Columbia's Student Council, he led efforts against restrictive immigration policies. A
software engineer at Google, Joon has also worked on disarmament initiatives with the UN. A veteran
of the Korean Army, he aims to leverage his experience in technology and policy to advance inclusive
digital governance. Joon is from South Korea.

--- Benedict Ballman ---
Benedict Ballman is a Cornelius Vanderbilt Scholar of Public Policy from Vanderbilt University. He
is the founder of Tomorrow in Focus, a nonprofit driving AI policy development and integration at
intergovernmental institutions such as UNCCD, UNESCO, and UNICEF, as well as forums such as UNCCD
COP16 and Dubai Future Forum. As a pipeline engineer at Inkwell AI, he developed pro-IP AI models
and tools for creativity. During Schwarzman Scholars, Benedict will study China’s interim AI
frameworks to develop AI-IP policies that support creatives such as himself. Benedict is an award-
winning filmmaker and avid outdoorsman. Benedict is from the United States.

--- Christelle Barakat ---
Christelle Barakat is a researcher at the Lebanese Center for Policy Studies and graduated from the
University of North Carolina at Greensboro with an M.A. in Peace and Conflict Studies and a
concentration on International Peace Development through the Fulbright program. She has led multiple
global Model UN conferences, introducing youth to conflict resolution and diplomacy. As a Schwarzman
Scholar, Christelle hopes to examine China's potential role in bridging sustainable development and
nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation. She is a UN Youth Leader for a World Without Nuclear
Weapons and a 2023 Diana Award recipient. Christelle is from Lebanon.

--- Jan Bartkowiak ---
Jan Bartkowiak is the founder and president of Econverse, an NGO that equips thousands of students
from Poland with entrepreneurial skills, backed by the National Development Bank and leading
companies. It received the Emerging Europe Award under the patronage of the European Commission. Jan
previously studied in seven countries with Minerva University, where he created AI Consensus,
shaping the responsible use of AI in education, backed by Harry and Meghan's Archewell. Jan hopes to
leverage China’s tech and social innovations to promote alternative development paths for teenagers
worldwide, while reimagining the educational policy of his home country, Poland.

--- Anita Bassey ---
Anita Bassey graduated from Northwestern University with a degree in Biomedical Engineering as a
QuestBridge Scholar. She has held executive leadership roles for four years with the Northwestern
National Society of Black Engineers, advancing mentorship and community initiatives in Evanston, IL.
Anita has conducted research at the Feinberg School of Medicine, Abbott Laboratories, and the Rivnay
Group, contributing to projects with clinical and technological impact. She also founded the NU Bike
Club, a social venture promoting wellness, community-building, and collaboration. Inspired by her
experiences in Nigeria and the United States, she seeks to expand global healthcare access through
affordable diagnostic devices. Anita is from the United States and Nigeria.

--- Bat-Orgil Bat-Erdene ---
Bat-Orgil Bat-Erdene is a social entrepreneur, policy advocate, and communicator committed to
addressing the climate crisis and advancing equitable, high-quality education. He co-founded the New
Nomad Institute with a mission to uncover the enduring knowledge of nomadic societies to address
today’s global meta-crisis. Through his previous civil society efforts with Zorig Foundation, the
Global Shapers Community, and Unnu.News, he has empowered thousands of youth in Mongolia and
amplified their voice on global stages. He holds a bachelor’s degree in Political Science and
Environmental Studies from the University of Arizona and an MPA from University College London as a
Chevening Scholar. Bat-Orgil is from Mongolia.

--- Jack Bayanmunkh ---
Bayarjavkhlan (Jack) Bayanmunkh is a social entrepreneur and policy advocate dedicated to expanding
global education access for Mongolian youth. He co-founded Gobi Scholars NGO and Academy, helping
students earn scholarships to top universities and bridging Mongolian students with global
education. During his undergraduate years, he led the 600-member Association of Mongolian Students
in the United States. His policy work with Mongolia’s Parliament advanced higher education finance
reform, and his research at the East–West Center focused on U.S.–Indo-Pacific relations. A Political
Science and Economics major at Swarthmore College, Jack aims to establish a globally connected
institute in Mongolia, where he was raised as a nomad. Jack is from Mongolia.

--- Laxman Bist ---
Laxman Bist is the founder and CEO of the Institute for Rural Development, an NGO that empowers
youths to solve the leadership crisis and foster sustainable development in Nepal through its
rapidly growing global network of Nepalis. It has over 50 chapters across universities and the
Nepali diaspora globally. He has led over 20 projects across diverse developmental sectors and has
collaborated with several governmental bodies, including the Prime Minister's Office of Nepal.
Laxman graduated from Dartmouth College, where he studied physics and neuroscience. During his time
as a Schwarzman Scholar, he hopes to diversify his leadership and entrepreneurial skills. Laxman is
from Nepal.

--- Kalena Blake ---
Kalena Blake is a researcher at the Center for a New American Security, focusing on defense.
Previously, she was a Strategy Analyst in Deloitte's Government and Public Services practice. She
graduated from Princeton University, where she studied International Affairs, captained the Women’s
Lightweight Rowing Team to four national championships, and was a managing editor of The Daily
Princetonian. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Kalena hopes to advance U.S. foreign policy and navigate the
U.S.–China rivalry without conflict. She grew up in Southeast Asia, speaks French and Bulgarian, and
holds dual U.S. and Bulgarian citizenship.

--- Gustavo Blanco-Quiroga ---
Of Indigenous Aymara roots, Gustavo Blanco is a socio-environmentalist committed to placing
Indigenous knowledge at the forefront of conservation and restoration efforts. A sociology graduate
from Princeton University, Gustavo’s research and service work as a Mellon Mays Fellow and co-
founder of the Uru-Uru Team demonstrate how Indigenous, community-based initiatives can provide
efficient solutions to global challenges like climate change. He served as the Class of 2025 senator
and co-president of Natives at Princeton. As a Schwarzman Scholar, he aims to investigate the socio-
environmental impact of China’s Belt and Road Initiative in South America, focusing on lithium
exploitation. Gustavo is from Bolivia.

--- Natalie Bravo Ortiz ---
Natalie Bravo Ortiz holds a B.A. in Political Science from Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México,
where she received the Women for Equality scholarship for her academic excellence and leadership.
She currently works at the Chamber of Deputies as the Chief of Staff for one of Mexico’s major
political parties and is a regular guest on several national television debate shows. Her platform
and dedication allowed her to run for the Senate in Mexico’s last general election. She dreams of
improving people's lives through politics. As a Schwarzman Scholar, she aims to strengthen network
ties and learn from Chinese global and domestic strategies. Natalie is from Mexico.

--- Anya Button ---
Anya Button is a Dzialga Fellow and Sociology student, focusing on Markets and Management, at Duke.
An advocate, creative, and entrepreneur, Anya is passionate about driving social change at the
intersection of sports and financial institutions. She is the founder of Victress FC, a media
platform that empowers underrepresented voices in sports. With experience at Goldman Sachs, Bank of
America, and Serena Williams’ VC Fund, Anya is interested in the relationship between athletics and
global economic development. She envisions creating new sustainable business models and financing
solutions that empower women globally through sports. Anya is from the United States.

--- Anne-Amélie Campant ---
Anne-Amélie Campant graduated with a bachelor's in Chemical Engineering and an Energy Studies
Certificate from Yale University. As president of European Horizons, Anne-Amélie launched Yale’s
European Symposium, addressing EU-US-China relations from an academic perspective. At Yale she led
the twice international award-winning Society of Women Engineers, championing STEM education for
young girls within and beyond New Haven. Anne-Amélie’s technical expertise spans four years of
grant-honored critical minerals research, work experience at gas-separations startup Osmoses and as
a Tesla process engineer. She aspires for a dual engineering-policy career re-imagining the clean
energy transition. Anne-Amélie is from France and the United Kingdom.

--- Yijia Cao ---
Yijia Cao graduated from New York University Shanghai with a degree in Computer Science and minors
in Mathematics and Cybersecurity. She is passionate about applying AI, cybersecurity, and
quantitative finance to create broader social impact, conducting research projects at Carnegie
Mellon University and NYU, and applying mathematical and data-driven approaches to financial
research in both academic and professional settings. As part of an engineering team partnering with
the Changzhou government, she contributes to smart city development across sectors such as urban
management and emergency response, improving the lives of millions. An award-winning composer, she
expresses her cultural identity through music for international audiences. Yijia is from China.

--- Kendall Carll ---
Kendall Carll is a senior at Harvard College studying History, Government, and Chinese. Dedicated to
understanding and progressively addressing the challenges of the Sino-American relationship, he has
taught in Beijing, studied in Taipei, and worked in Washington, D.C. His research on U.S.–China
relations and cross-strait issues has been published in leading journals, and his professional
experiences span the U.S. government, academia, and various American think tanks. Kendall hopes to
bridge scholarship and practice in pursuit of a more stable and constructive future for the world’s
most consequential relationship. Kendall is from the United States.

--- Giancarlo Ceja ---
Giancarlo Ceja is an environmental policymaker whose work and passion lie in environmental justice,
previously serving at institutions like the White House and the Energy and Commerce Committee.
During his career in public service, he has implemented initiatives from the Inflation Reduction
Act, the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, and Biden-Harris’ Justice40. As a Schwarzman Scholar and
onward, Giancarlo strives to bridge the equity gaps in environmental policy and protect the
marginalized communities most susceptible to the climate crisis. He holds B.A. degrees in
Environmental Studies and International Relations from the University of Southern California.
Giancarlo is from the United States.

--- Jason Chau ---
Chit Hang (Jason) Chau is a journalist for Dow Jones and The Wall Street Journal, where he covered
Asian markets, business, and economics. His writing has also appeared in The Economist and the
Financial Times. He has interviewed leading policymakers and thinkers, covering major international
events such as the Munich Security Conference. An MPhil graduate of the University of Oxford, he
studied Social Policy and Intervention and served as editor-in-chief of The Oxford Student newspaper
and editor of the Oxford Political Review. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Jason seeks to better understand
China’s political economy and enhance international reporting on the country. Jason grew up between
the U.S., the U.K., and China and is originally from Hong Kong.

--- Daphne Chebesi ---
Daphne Chebesi graduated from the University of Edinburgh with an MSc in Africa and International
Development. Passionate about youth development, she has coordinated initiatives across different
nonprofits in Cameroon and Ghana to improve educational access and outcomes for young people from
underserved communities. She also serves as a Senior Fellow and board member of the Melton
Foundation, fostering cross-cultural collaboration and global citizenship for youth across five
different continents. Daphne aspires to lead a nonprofit that creates safe and inclusive physical
learning spaces where young people can access opportunities and develop their potential. Daphne is
from Cameroon.

--- Claire Chen ---
Penglin (Claire) Chen, a student at Tsinghua University, majors in World Literature and Culture.
Raised in a Chinese diaspora family, Penglin developed a strong passion for languages and cultures.
While visiting the University of Pennsylvania, Penglin contributed to the editorial work of the
translation magazine Double Speak and published her translation work. At Tsinghua, Penglin was the
director of the Practice Group of the College Youth League Committee and a key member of the
Tsinghua University Student Association for Global Strategic Studies (SAISS). In these roles,
Penglin honed skills in external liaison work and gained deep insights into international and
educational affairs. Penglin is from China.

--- Melinda Chen ---
Aiqiao (Melinda) Chen is the founder of a New York-based design consultancy, where she crafts
product experiences that bring positive impact beyond the screen. Prior to focusing full time on her
consultancy, Melinda designed products used by millions of people in industries ranging from
healthcare, to blockchain, to sports betting. Most recently, at Mojo, she led design initiatives for
two apps which contributed to the company’s successful acquisition. She is dedicated to shaping a
more inclusive future by designing user-centric solutions that honor cultural nuances and promote
diverse perspectives within the design communities in both the U.S. and China. Melinda is from
Beijing, China.

--- Yilin Chen ---
Yilin Chen is a consultant at Boston Consulting Group, specializing in the intersection of finance,
climate, and social impact. She received her B.A. in Global Affairs and Economics alongside a French
certificate from Yale University, where she led client acquisition for a social impact consulting
organization and represented Yale in the National Fed Challenge. Through internships at StepStone
Group and Caixin Global, she researched the business implications of China’s regulatory changes. She
hopes to study China’s climate finance landscape and support capital flows for environmental and
social impact. She plays the carillon, an instrument of bells. Yilin is from China.

--- Alexander Cheng ---
Alexander (Alex) Cheng is a rising leader in Australia’s social sector. At Social Ventures
Australia, he advises leading nonprofits, philanthropies, and governments on strategies to alleviate
disadvantage. He began his career at L.E.K. Consulting, where he co-developed the inaugural First
Nations Strategy for Australia’s national multicultural broadcaster. Passionate about inclusive
public systems, Alex now focuses on how technological innovation in service delivery can rebuild
trust and improve outcomes for marginalized communities. He was named a 40 Under 40 Most Influential
Asian-Australian for advancing culturally diverse leadership and spoke at the World Economic Forum’s
Annual Meeting in Davos. Alex is from Australia.

--- Jason Chiang ---
Chin-Heng (Jason) Chiang graduated from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, majoring in
Quantitative Finance and Risk Management Science and double minoring in Artificial Intelligence and
Statistics. Passionate about finance, economics, and data science, he has interned at UBS Global
Markets, CICC Research, Mastercard Data & Services, and Deutsche Bank Investment Banking. Harboring
the motto of "always exploring," he was an exchange student at HEC Paris and is always ready for the
next adventure. He is genuinely curiosity-driven and hopes to improve his understanding of the world
through interdisciplinary perspectives. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Jason aspires to reduce the global
imbalance in capital market development. Jason is from Taiwan.

--- Kelsey Chin ---
Kelsey Chin received her Bachelor of Arts in Sociology from Barnard College and her Master of Public
Administration from Columbia University School of International and Public Affairs in Urban Policy
and East Asia. Kelsey previously worked as an organizer on the 2024 Harris-Walz campaign and as a
legislative assistant to U.S. Representative Jamaal Bowman, advising on immigration, defense, and
the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology portfolio. Kelsey hopes to promote U.S.-China
scientific collaboration in Congress and the U.S. government, especially in aerospace and critical
minerals. She is also a Grammy award-winning flutist. Kelsey is from the United States.

--- Ashley Choi ---
KeiSam (Ashley) Choi is a passionate advocate for the healing power of sports. With a multicultural
background spanning Shanghai, Macau, and New York and over a decade of immersion in athletics and
business, she has evolved from a student-athlete to an emerging female leader in the sports
industry. Ashley holds a B.S. in Sports Management from New York University, during which she led
youth development communication for the Jr. NBA basketball program in China. She now focuses on the
art of storytelling in sports, leveraging its universal appeal to foster virtue and community well-
being in a post-pandemic world. Ashley is from Shanghai and Macau S.A.R., China.

--- Yash Chudasama ---
Yash Chudasama is a former consultant at PwC and a deferred MBA admit at Stanford Graduate School of
Business. Passionate about entrepreneurship, he co-founded the ALC Valley, his university’s first
student-led entrepreneurship hub, supporting over 30 startups. He currently works as an operator at
Gaya, a U.S.-based tech startup using AI to automate data entry and streamline insurance quoting
workflows. Yash leads strategic initiatives, drives operational efficiency, and is also co-leading
the startup’s Series-A funding round. Through Schwarzman Scholars, Yash aims to explore China’s
innovation ecosystem and leadership model to broaden his global entrepreneurial perspective. Yash is
from Tanzania.

--- Su Cizem ---
Su Cizem is an AI governance analyst dedicated to building international cooperation around advanced
AI. She has worked with leading think tanks, including the French Center for AI Safety and The
Future Society, where she helped shape the EU’s GPAI Code of Practice and convened global coalitions
on frontier AI risks. As a 2025 fellow at the Institute for AI Policy and Strategy, she is
developing emergency preparedness protocols for AI crises for multilateral adoption. She holds an
MSc in AI and Ethics from Northeastern University London and a B.A. in Philosophy from the
University of California, Los Angeles. Su is from the United States and Turkey.

--- Chandler Compton ---
Chandler Compton is a Fulbright research scholar studying Asian supply chains and Hindi in New
Delhi, India. Previously, as a U.S. Marine Corps officer in Japan, he led logistics operations
alongside American security partners while developing his fascination with Asia. He majored in
English and International Affairs at Wofford College, where he played Division I men’s soccer and
directed the college’s first TEDx conference. Chandler aims to study the U.S.-China trade
relationship and aspires to positions of business leadership that drive economic integration in the
Indo-Pacific. He grew up on his family’s farm in the United States.

--- David Connah ---
David Connah is a manager at Oliver Wyman, where he works with organisations to make strategic
business decisions on transportation and connectivity. An emerging political leader, Connah has led
state and local government election campaigns and continues to be an influential voice in urban and
economic policy development. He was recognised in the Outstanding Top 100 Future Leaders Award,
received the ACON Honor Young Achiever Award, and was a finalist for the Australian National
University Young Alumni of the Year Award. He holds a bachelor's in Asia-Pacific Studies and a
bachelor's of Security Studies from the Australian National University. Connah is from Australia.

--- Ottilie Cooper-Ohm ---
Ottilie Cooper-Ohm recently completed a two year Fulbright grant in Uzbekistan where she taught at a
technical university, coached the first lacrosse team in Central Asia, and created a cross-platform
blog exploring the history and culture of the Great Steppe with over 300,000 subscribers. A Coca-
Cola Scholar and Scott Scholar at the University of Nebraska, Ottilie graduated with a B.S. in
Information Technology Innovation and minors in Russian and Art History. She currently works with
multimedia at the Wilson Center's Kennan Institute in D.C., making complex policy research on
Eurasia accessible to broader audiences. Ottilie is from the United States.

--- Maria Gabriella Oliveira Costa ---
Maria Gabriella Oliveira Costa is a communication strategist, holding a bachelor's degree in
International Relations from the University of São Paulo. Awarded a fellowship from the National
Council for Scientific and Technological Development she published a collaborative article on
democracy’s impact on international trade. She also led USP’s Observatory of Democracy digital
strategy while researching the effect of elections on global development. Maria is a communication
and marketing manager in the private sector and, as a Schwarzman Scholar, aims to learn from China’s
communication efforts in recent years to develop diplomatic approaches that foster global
development. Maria is from Brazil.

--- Boran Cui ---
Boran Cui currently serves as an investment manager at Capital Healthcare Fund, with a
specialization in the healthcare sector. With a double major in Studio Arts and Engineering from
Trinity College, he served as the president of the Mill, which organized significant music festivals
and art exhibitions. Boran is a versatile practitioner and innovator across various domains,
including arts, technology, healthcare, finance, and philanthropy. He is also a founding member of
Monkey Fun Group, an AI incubation platform that has ventures in AI writing, social applications,
and the digital pet industry. Boran is from China.

--- Shiqian Cui ---
Shiqian Cui graduated from Tufts University with a double major in International Relations and Child
Study &amp; Human Development, focusing on globalization and transnational identities. With diverse
experience in both the energy and education sectors, Shiqian has worked closely with the New Energy
Vehicle (NEV) industry and taken on leadership roles in NGOs such as Strong Women, Strong Girls and
the United Nations Association of Greater Boston. Her work in education emphasizes gender equity,
youth mentorship, and the UN Sustainable Development Goals. She aims to build public-private
partnerships that drive sustainable development and foster collaboration between China and the
global community. Shiqian is from China.

--- Akorfa Dagadu ---
Justine (Akorfa) Dagadu is an innovator who believes trash talk can change the world. She graduated
from MIT with a bachelor's degree in Chemical-Biological Engineering. She founded Ishara, a venture
transforming recycling in Ghana by connecting informal waste-pickers to transparent, efficient
systems with the potential to scale across growth markets. At MIT, she researched how enzyme-polymer
systems can be designed to break down plastics at the end-of-life. This work has been recognized
internationally through publications and awards, including the CellPress Rising Scientist Award. She
aspires to establish a materials innovation hub in Africa, tackling the end-of-life of materials
from plastics to e-waste. Akorfa is from Ghana.

--- Anna de Beer ---
Anna de Beer holds a first-class Bachelor of Science in Medicine and is completing her MBBS. She was
appointed as a governor for Dorset HealthCare NHS Trust, orchestrating services for over 800,000
patients. Anna works as a senior editor for the British Student Doctor Journal and sits on
Elsevier’s Student Board. An active researcher with multiple peer-reviewed publications on allergy
and immunology, she has undertaken research in the U.K., Singapore, South Korea, and the U.S. As a
Schwarzman Scholar, Anna aims to further foster U.K.-China collaboration in healthcare innovation to
improve patient outcomes globally. Anna is from the United Kingdom and South Africa.

--- Gonzalo de la Cruz ---
<span data-sheets-root="1">Gonzalo de la Cruz is a graduate of New York University Abu Dhabi, where
he earned a degree in Mathematics and Computer Science. He currently works at Boston Consulting
Group. Gonzalo is passionate about enhancing accessibility for people with disabilities and founded
Spain’s first student-led organization dedicated to supporting disability foundations. His research
in assistive technology sparked his ambition to leverage technology to improve accessibility, making
solutions both affordable and available to all. Gonzalo aims to continue developing innovative
assistive technologies that address global accessibility challenges. Gonzalo is from Spain.</span>

--- Natalie Delille ---
Natalie Delille is a Haitian-American social impact leader. She founded DearSociety, a nonprofit
that has provided 150 scholarships to underserved youth in Haiti and broader educational
opportunities to disadvantaged communities to break cycles of poverty. She studied business at
Howard University, earned a master’s in AI Ethics & Society from the University of Cambridge, and
completed a master’s in Policy at Georgetown University. Natalie spent six years at Visa, where she
led financial inclusion programs and inclusive workplace initiatives impacting over 25,000
employees. She aspires to collaboratively transform Haiti's development and has an interest in
China's poverty alleviation strategies. Natalie is from the United States.

--- Camden Dempsey ---
Camden Dempsey is an entrepreneur and student-athlete from the University of Colorado, where he
played Division I football and earned the title “The Governor” as the team's spokesperson under
Coach Deion Sanders. Off the field, he co-chaired the Big 12 Student-Athlete Advisory Committee and
is also the founder of VerEstate, an AI-powered title insurance startup that has raised six-figure
funding. A Boettcher Scholar, Eagle Scout, and Coolidge Senator, Camden graduated with honors and
distinction in Finance and Marketing and also holds a master’s degree in Real Estate. He aspires to
bridge U.S.–China economic relations through entrepreneurship, real estate, and development finance.
Camden is from the United States.

--- Emily Deng ---
Emily Deng is passionate about human connection and institutional design. At Stanford University,
she launched a social events newsletter that reached over 8,000 readers, managed more than $220,000
in student life funding, and revived traditions dating back to 1939. As a mentee at the Hoover
Institution, she gained firsthand exposure to national security, and at Bain and IBM, she applied
her background in human-computer interaction to drive innovation. Emily holds a bachelor's in
Symbolic Systems and an M.S. in Computer Science. Ultimately, she aims to bring together diverse
perspectives to advance AI alignment. Emily is from the United States.

--- Shir Diner ---
Shir Diner will receive her MD from Ben Gurion University and is committed to using medicine to
advance innovation, peace, and equal opportunity. As Deputy CEO of One Heart, a humanitarian
organization, she led international collaborations to strengthen healthcare systems in crisis
regions worldwide and emergency responses in areas affected by war and natural disasters. She is
also engaged in research aimed at promoting innovation and advancing equitable, high-quality medical
care. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Shir seeks to build global networks for crisis response and explore
how China’s innovation and strategies can inspire international cooperation. Shir is from Israel and
the United States.

--- Edward Dong ---
Edward Dong is a graduate of Harvard College, where he served on the Executive Board of the Harvard
College China Forum, as the managing director of the Harvard Undergraduate Capital Partners, and as
the vice president of the Harvard-Radcliffe Asian-American Association. A devoted scientist, Edward
worked under Dr. George Church and Dr. Fei Chen to develop novel differentiation and cell circuit
technologies. He co-founded the Aging Initiative at Harvard, which now has over 1,700 members.
Edward’s vision for U.S.–China collaboration is one which unlocks extraordinary possibilities in
healthcare, climate, and artificial intelligence for our shared future. Edward is from the United
States.

--- Jonathan Eaton ---
Jonathan (Jon) Eaton is a Pre-Law Fellow at Steptoe LLP, specializing in export controls, sanctions,
and national security regulations. He graduated summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa from Colgate
University, where he served as president of the Student Government Association and completed a high
honors thesis, translating a 162-page Chinese comic into English. An aspiring attorney, Jon hopes to
gain a deeper understanding of China’s geoeconomic security policies and their impact on private
actors. He hopes to eventually apply these insights as a policymaker, bringing clarity and an
international perspective to an increasingly complex regulatory landscape. Jon is from the United
States.

--- Maria Edison ---
Maria Edison graduated with a degree in Integrated Business and Humanities and a minor in
Sustainability from McMaster University. As a Cansbridge fellow, Maria has worked in startups across
Canada, Silicon Valley, and Taiwan. Armed with a passion for innovation and inclusion, Maria has
supported hundreds of newcomers to Canada in starting businesses by creating plain-language
resources and leading a large-scale survey to boost immigrant sense of belonging in the city of
Hamilton. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Maria aspires to bridge the Chinese and Canadian innovation
ecosystems to fuel startup growth and drive global collaboration. Maria is from Canada.

--- Chinwendum Egbude ---
Chinwendum (Blossom) Egbude is a lawyer and policy professional who earned an MPhil in Public Policy
from the University of Cambridge as a Mastercard Foundation Scholar. She has served as a Youth
Leader with the Center for International Private Enterprise and as a BeyGOOD Policy and Partnerships
Fellow with Global Citizen. Recognized among Africa’s Top 50 Rising Motherland Moguls Under 30, she
has received the Diana Award, the U.S. Consulate Nigeria-America Partnership Award, and was
nominated for a Future Awards Africa Prize. She aspires to advance inclusive governance across
Africa. Chinwendum is from Nigeria.

--- Ayotomiwa Elesho ---
Ayotomiwa Elesho is a first-class political science graduate of the University of Ibadan, Nigeria,
and a 2024 Diana Award recipient. He founded Homeless Not Hopeless Nigeria, a youth-led organization
that has raised homelessness awareness among over 10,000 Nigerians. He has impacted over 900
students through substance abuse campaigns and reached 150 elderly citizens through mental health
advocacy. Selected as a 2021 Doha Debates Ambassador, Ayotomiwa joined 36 other changemakers from 17
countries to address global issues. He aspires to use social and entrepreneurial policies to improve
the lives of homeless populations in Nigeria and Africa. Ayotomiwa is from Nigeria.

--- Donia Elmansy ---
Donia Elmansy works at Microsoft at the intersection of technology and government, managing
investments that drive AI and cloud computing adoption in government agencies. She graduated magna
cum laude from Harvard University with a degree in Government and Near Eastern Civilizations. She
served as president of the Harvard Program for International Education and Harvard Model United
Nations Dubai conference. Since graduating, Donia has continued teaching in classrooms in India,
Indonesia, Egypt, the UAE, and Japan. Raised between Connecticut and Egypt, she aspires to help
emerging economies adopt new technologies by drawing on insights gained in China. Donia is from the
United States.

--- Bryanna Entwistle ---
Bryanna Entwistle graduated from Dartmouth College in 2023 with honors in History and minors in
Government and Asian Studies. At the Asia Society Policy Institute, she researches Southeast Asia
and U.S. policy in the Indo-Pacific. Her analysis has been published in several major news outlets,
and she has been recognized as a rising leader in foreign policy by the Asia Foundation and the Asia
Pacific Foundation of Canada. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Bryanna hopes to study China’s strategy in
Southeast Asia with the goal of improving the future of American diplomacy in the region. Bryanna is
from the United States and Canada.

--- Daniela Espinal Fondeur ---
Daniela Espinal Fondeur is a trainee at the Consulate of the Dominican Republic in Paris. She has a
B.Sc. in Economics from the Autonomous University of Santo Domingo and a master’s in International
Governance and Diplomacy from Sciences Po Paris. Daniela has held roles as a foreign policy and
programme assistant at the Embassy of Canada in the Dominican Republic and at UNESCO's World
Heritage Centre. She is a community development advocate. As a Schwarzman Scholar, she seeks to
deepen her understanding of China and enhance China-Dominican Republic relations. She aims to pursue
a career in foreign service. Daniela is from the Dominican Republic.

--- DaNae Estabine ---
DaNae Estabine graduated from the University of Kansas, where she served as student body vice
president and later as president. In these roles, DaNae hired and managed a seven person executive
staff, oversaw the allocation of a $24 million budget of student fees, and advocated for student
interests and higher education at both the state and federal levels. DaNae has interned with U.S.
Senator Jerry Moran and the Kansas Attorney General's Office. As a Newman Civic Fellow, DaNae
expanded Youth Court programs in Kansas, aligning with her aspiration for meaningful criminal
justice reform. DaNae is from the United States.

--- Maria Fernanda Estrada ---
Maria Fernanda Estrada, a 2023 graduate of Williams College with a Bachelor of Arts in Political
Economy, is a first-generation Cuban-Mexican immigrant. At Williams, she was a campus leader,
founding the Latinx pre-professional network and served in expanding admissions efforts to
intentionally recruit and support students from historically underrepresented communities. Currently
an investment analyst at Vanguard Asset Management, Maria Fernanda explores how domestic and
international economic partnerships can foster financial independence in communities. As a
Schwarzman Scholar, she seeks to address socioeconomic disparities and heal systemic wounds through
financial wellness across the world and in her communities in Latin America. Meria Fernanda is a
citizen of the United States and Mexico.

--- Diana Ferreira Godinho ---
Diana Godinho studies International Studies and Public Management at Stetson University on a full
scholarship. She founded PROAME, Brazil’s leading NGO addressing hunger, and spent three years
leading Vest News, an awarded education initiative. She has represented Brazil at multiple
international and UN forums, most notably as an invited member of the official civil society
delegation to the 69th Commission on the Status of Women, where she presented research focused on
gender and education. Her experience spans working in Brazil’s National Congress, supervising
sustainable projects in Costa Rica, and coordinating high-level diplomatic events in Washington,
D.C. Diana is from Brazil.

--- Tage Fossgard-Moser ---
Tage Fossgard-Moser is interested in the nexus of finance, geopolitics, and climate change and is
aiming to contribute to connecting the East and the West in the critical mineral industry. He is
currently completing his BSc in International Business and Chinese at Copenhagen Business School.
Outside of his studies, he has previously led multiple initiatives, including a large research
project between Western academics and a Chinese mineral company, as well as internships at Boston
Consulting Group and at various investment banks. Tage is from Norway and the United Kingdom.

--- Eboni Freeman ---
Eboni Freeman is a transformative leader with a passion for driving innovation, building
communities, and advancing equity through technology. As a Presidential Innovation Fellow, she
spearheaded human-centered design initiatives for the Small Business Administration, positively
impacting millions of entrepreneurs. Previously, she led emerging technology communities of practice
at the General Services Administration, uniting 17,000+ government employees. Her leadership journey
began with founding Ability Enabled and launching Google's first disability-focused hackathon for
60+ community partners. Eboni is dedicated to creating a more equitable world by leveraging her
diverse experiences across technology, government, and the arts. Eboni is from the United States.

--- Mae Fullerton ---
Mae Fullerton studied Behavioral Decision Sciences at Brown University. As a consultant, she has
advised leading manufacturers on policy reforms impacting hundreds of thousands of job seekers. Mae
has completed a Fulbright grant in Taiwan, first-authored behavioral research featured on NBC, and
executed a newsletter that the U.S. President himself commended. At Brown, she led Brown China
Summit, conducted research for the American Mandarin Society, and interned with the EastWest
Institute. She will study approaches to leadership and transition throughout history as a Schwarzman
Scholar to help companies better adapt to change in Asia. Mae is from the United States.

--- Divya Ganesan ---
Divya Ganesan is completing a master’s in Computer Science and a bachelor’s in Political Science at
Stanford University. She served as Stanford’s Student Body Vice President, receiving the Lloyd
Dinkelspiel Award for service, and started Stanford's first all-girls cybersecurity team, the
nationally recognized #CyberSuperGirls. Her honors thesis examined why AI companies join voluntary
safety commitments. Divya hopes to leverage secure technology to strengthen global institutions and
improve national security decision-making, all while making space at the table for others. Divya is
from the United States.

--- Paw Mar Gay ---
Paw Mar Gay is dedicated to improving global child health policies and increasing access to
education. Paw Mar graduated from Stanford University with a Bachelor of Science in Human Biology.
At Stanford, she served as an Education Fellow with the Stanford Haas Center for Public Service and
earned the Award of Excellence and the Community Impact Award for her work in promoting literacy and
mental well-being in the San Francisco Bay Area. She has also hosted conferences promoting first-
generation and/or low-income identity in higher education for college students, administrators, and
educators across the United States as Conference Chair. Paw Mar is from the United States.

--- Leo Gerdén ---
Leo Gerdén will graduate from Harvard College where he studies economics and government. He has over
a decade of experience in politics, most recently as press secretary and political advisor to the
Party Leader of the Swedish Center Party. He has gained hands-on experience in effective policy
making, crisis management, and political communication. Leo is passionate about economic and foreign
policy and aims to pursue a career in politics in Sweden and the European Union. He has interned at
the United Nations Industrial Development Organization and served as President of the Swedish
Federation of Student Councils. Leo is from Sweden.

--- José Ginocchio Moraiz ---
José Ginocchio Moraiz is an anthropologist, filmmaker, and co-founder of Cascada, an NGO focusing on
water sovereignty for communities impacted by climate change. After graduating from Trinity College
in Hartford, José undertook a regional-level advocacy position at an international human rights
organization. His latest assignment was as field investigator for an international lawsuit about
environmental justice. He has drafted and led projects of international cooperation with
institutions including the European Commission and conducted fact-finding missions in nine
countries. José aims to develop a Sino-Latin American model of sustainability to ensure an equitable
socio-environmental transition. José is from Argentina.

--- Kellen Gitahi ---
Kellen Gitahi is a Computer Technology graduate passionate about bridging the gap between education
and industry. As a Microsoft Learn student ambassador, she upskilled over 800 students in AI and
Microsoft Power Platform tools. During her tenure as a Huawei campus ambassador, Kellen founded the
Huawei club, growing its membership to 350 students and equipping them with skills in Cloud
Computing, AI, and 5G. She also led a team to place 3rd in the global Huawei ICT competition in
Shenzhen, China. Kellen aspires to leverage technology and leadership to tackle youth unemployment
in Kenya and beyond. Kellen is from Kenya.

--- Josué Godeme ---
Josué Godeme is a senior at Dartmouth College studying Computer Science with a minor in Chinese. He
built the first dataset for the Adja language, his native tongue, and is developing the first AI
translator to enable education in local African languages. As co-president of the National Society
of Black Engineers and CoderDojo Dartmouth, he teaches computer science to underserved communities.
Josué ranked first on Benin’s national exit exam and is a King Scholar and Stamps Scholar. He
aspires to use AI and technology to make quality education accessible across Africa, particularly
through native language tools. Josué is from Benin.

--- Nina Gohel ---
Nina Gohel is a proven public servant and women’s rights advocate. As a former White House staff
assistant, she furthered the Biden-Harris Administration's goals. Nina’s worked at multiple federal
agencies (Department of State, Interior, EPA), in addition to the National Committee on U.S.-China
Relations, Brookings, Holland &amp; Knight, and more. While a Yenching Scholar, Nina researched
policies increasing female representation. Most recently, Nina served as a Harris-Walz Presidential
campaign associate. Furthermore, she’s a founder of TORCH Academy and AAPI Alliance. When free, she
enjoys playing soccer with the Beijing Rockets. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Nina strives to enfranchise
women across global systems. Nina is from the United States and the United Kingdom.

--- Yutao Gong ---
Yutao Gong is a Leaders for Global Operations fellow at MIT, earning an MBA and a Master’s degree in
Civil and Environmental Engineering with a focus on manufacturing and operations. Yutao has
academic, work and social engagement experiences in China, the U.S., Jordan and Denmark. Yutao was
previously a consultant at Boston Consulting Group working on manufacturing, agriculture,
sustainability, and renewable energy-related projects, spending 2 years in Chicago and 1 year in
Greater China as a Global Ambassador. Yutao graduated magna cum laude from Duke University with
double majors in Environmental Science and Statistics, where she organized the Duke China-U.S.
Summit. Yutao is from Shanghai, China.

--- Amanda Gonzalez Mejia ---
Amanda Gonzalez Mejia studies political economy at Duke Kunshan University. As a freshman, she
founded the DKU Pre-Law Society, building mentorships, internships, and a Sino-international moot
court. She launched the Duke Impact Investing Group, training student analysts to deliver ESG
consulting projects. As an NRDC Fellow, she created a Climate Resilience Funding Toolkit mapping
over 50 sources and improving access for 21 climate adaptation and infrastructure projects. Her
research models EU CBAM liabilities for Latin American exporters and tests China rerouting
scenarios. She aims to design sustainable finance tools linking China and the Global South to fund
green development. Amanda is from Venezuela and Spain.

--- Aleena Gul ---
Aleena Gul is originally from northwest Pakistan and grew up near Washington, D.C. Conflict,
poverty, and geopolitical rivalries in her home region have shaped her focus in global affairs with
a focus on international development, global migration, and the energy sector. At Yale, she co-
founded the Ivy Future of Pakistan Conference, the largest student-led Pakistan conference in North
America. She also leads the Salus Populi Foundation, the student affiliate of Yale’s Economic Growth
Center, as well as the Refugee Immigrant Student Education. She aims to pursue a career in U.S.
foreign policy and international relations. Aleena is from the United States.

--- Yixuan Guo ---
Yixuan Guo is dedicated to advancing gender education and women’s empowerment in China. As an
applied mathematics student and founder of a multicultural community space, she brings together
diverse voices to promote overlooked female role models and inspire collective dialogue. She
believes that true empowerment unites mental awareness and physical strength, helping women grow
holistically. In the future, she plans to engage in corporate management and advance a sustainable,
nationwide initiative for gender education. Yixuan is from China.

--- Mahir Hamid ---
Mahir Hamid is an International Microfinance &amp; Microenterprise Fellow at the Aga Khan
Development Network in Kyrgyzstan, scaling support for entrepreneurs across Central and South Asia.
Prior to this, Mahir designed curricula for an edtech startup, consulted at Monitor Deloitte,
explored digitization at SAP Dubai as a Cansbridge Fellow, and served on MaRS Discovery District’s
National Youth Innovation Council. At Queen’s University, Mahir founded a startup consultancy, led a
product incubator, and was President of the Commerce Society—marking his 12th year in student
government. Now, Mahir is focused on exploring innovations for economic development. Mahir is from
Bangladesh and Canada.

--- Moriah Hamilton ---
Moriah Hamilton is a senior Civil and Environmental Engineering major with a minor in Computer
Science and a focus in Sustainable Infrastructure at Howard University. As the President of
Engineers Without Borders HU and a UNICEF Climate Change Youth Ambassador, she has led projects
aimed at expanding equitable access to energy and infrastructure in underserved communities across
the Global South. Drawing on her experiences in the U.S. and China, Moriah seeks to redefine
development in Guyana and the wider Caribbean region through engineering and sustainable
infrastructure. Moriah proudly represents Guyana and St. Kitts.

--- Princelawrenz Hamlin ---
Princelawrenz Hamlin graduated summa cum laude from Charles R. Drew University of Medicine and
Science (CDU) in May 2024, excelling in several leadership roles and service initiatives. He was
part of the inaugural class of Oprah Winfrey Leaders &amp; Scholars, successfully led CDU’s student
body as president, served on the university’s Diversity-Equity-Inclusion Advisory Committee Board,
collaborated with Cedars-Sinai’s volunteer program to engage CDU’s student body, and contributed to
anti-HIV initiatives for Zambia’s young female populations. Prince is committed to the worldwide
eradication of heart disease as a practicing cardiologist. Princelawrenz is proudly from the United
States.

--- Alessandro Hammond ---
Alessandro Hammond graduated summa cum laude from Harvard University with a degree in Chemistry and
Physical Biology. He conducts research on blood cancer mechanisms and technology development at
Boston Children's Hospital and the Broad Institute. He co-invented ReDeeM, a patented technology for
spatial and temporal detection of oncogenesis, which was published in Nature and featured in The New
York Times, impacting millions. He leads Ivy League Mentoring, a nonprofit for underserved students,
which has been featured on Good Morning America and ABC News and honored at the White House. He has
authored over 16 publications in peer-reviewed journals and is a classically trained pianist.
Alessandro is from the United States.

--- Jordan Harb ---
Jordan Harb is a senior at Arizona State University, studying Global Studies and Political Science.
In his home state, he led a task force on school safety, authoring statewide socio-emotional
policies, successfully advocating for $15 million in funding for school counselors, and traveling to
30 countries, which has shaped his global perspective. At the Evergreen Fund, Jordan leads an
innovation accelerator program focused on how startups can advance mental health solutions. As the
child of refugees, he is deeply committed to addressing global challenges related to trauma,
conflict, and education through policy, international cooperation, and innovation. Jordan is from
the United States.

--- Cynthia He ---
Yuqing (Cynthia) He, a graduate of Tsinghua University, is dedicated to combating domestic violence
through policy reform. She spearheaded research on the implementation of China’s Anti-Domestic
Violence Law and its enforcement framework in Changsha, leading to the adoption of her proposals by
the 13th Hunan Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference.
During her time at the Australian National University, she interned with the NGO Women with
Disabilities ACT. Her research on crisis accommodation earned her recognition at the Australian
National Internships Program 30th Anniversary Showcase. As a Schwarzman Scholar, she aspires to
address domestic violence on a global scale. Yuqing is from China.

--- David Hischier ---
David Hischier graduated with a bachelor’s in Business Administration from the University of St.
Gallen, where he was a scholar at the Center for Entrepreneurship. Besides his studies, he founded
Luna Socks, a custom sock manufacturer with operations in Germany and China. Within three years,
David grew the business into the leading custom sock provider in Europe. Luna Socks operates an in-
house production facility and serves over 200,000 customers across 15 markets. As a Schwarzman
Scholar, he aims to explore the export of fast-moving consumer goods from China and innovate
products for global markets. David is from Switzerland and Germany.

--- Shaun Ho ---
Kaiwa (Shaun) Ho is a Hong Kong-based senior analyst at Wallbrook, a U.K.-based ESG corporate
intelligence consultancy. He holds a bachelor’s degree in Foreign Service from Georgetown University
and a master’s in European and International Public Policy from the London School of Economics.
During his undergraduate studies, he also studied abroad at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem and
University College London. Shaun founded his school’s first environmental club and served on the
leadership boards of the Jewish Students Association and the European Club. As a Schwarzman Scholar,
he aims to advance cooperation between China and the E.U. on environmental and climate protection.
Shaun is from Macau S.A.R., China.

--- Moritz Homrich ---
Moritz Homrich served as chief of staff at Klim, Germany’s leading company promoting regenerative
agriculture, decarbonizing the food industry, and improving farmers’ profitability. Prior to Klim,
he was instrumental in building Gorillas, Europe’s fastest company to reach a $1 billion valuation.
As the fourth employee, he quickly advanced to various executive roles. Moritz earned a B.Sc. in
Business Administration from WHU – Otto Beisheim School of Management. He aspires to establish a
multinational corporation dedicated to fostering global food security. As a Schwarzman Scholar, he
seeks to gain insights from China’s significant efforts in maintaining food security. Moritz is from
Germany.

--- Haoshan Hong ---
Haoshan Hong is an entrepreneur and educator on a mission to reshape how people connect through
language. Through internships at BCG and Meituan and having learned English, French, Turkish, and
Korean, he combines a builder’s mindset with a strong business sense and hands-on experience across
language, technology, and education. He built Fluentide, an AI-powered platform that reimagines the
language learning experience, and founded a school helping both children and adults master English
in more effective, human-centered ways. He is focused on applying AI to make high-quality language
education more accessible and hopes to collaborate with leaders across academia, business, and
public policy to make education more inclusive and transformative. Haoshan is from China.

--- Aili Hou ---
Aili Hou is a broadcast journalist who speaks Mandarin, French, and Spanish. She has worked as an
NBC News Associate and contributed to the production of major televised events, like the 2024 Paris
Olympics and the 2024 U.S. presidential election. Aili graduated magna cum laude from Columbia
University with majors in Political Science and French. On campus, she held leadership roles within
the National Political Honor Society and Columbia Political Union and served as an Orientation
Leader every year. She aspires to report internationally, promoting U.S.–China dialogue and
understanding. Aili is from the United States and Canada.

--- Hpone Thit Htoo ---
Hpone Thit Htoo is a senior at Brown University studying Economics and International and Public
Affairs. Passionate about foreign policy and geoeconomics, he has previously interned at CSIS and
Deloitte and currently serves as Student Chair for Brown’s Economics Department. He co-founded
BatAware, a grant-winning public health platform, heads advisory projects for international
nonprofits, and curates panels for the Brown China Summit. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Hpone aims to
examine how multilateral organizations can bridge divides and navigate fragmentation in a multipolar
world, with a particular interest in China-ASEAN relations. Hpone is from Myanmar.

--- Rui Huang ---
Rui Huang earned a bachelor's degree in Economics and Cognitive Studies from Vanderbilt University.
As president of the Chinese Students and Scholars Association (VUCSSA), Rui launched mental wellness
initiatives and partnered with Vanderbilt’s Student Care Network to support international students.
Rui also hosts a mental health podcast guiding global listeners through identity-based struggles. As
a mindfulness coach and research assistant, Rui developed evidence-based interventions for youth
mental health. Rui will pursue a master’s in Mental Health Counseling at Columbia University,
committed to advancing culturally inclusive emotional resilience and promoting global mental health
awareness across borders. Rui is from China.

--- Sonabayim Huseynzade ---
Sonabayim Huseynzade is a robotics researcher specializing in humanoid systems, with peer-reviewed
publications and international projects across France, Belgium, Germany, and Japan. Her work focuses
on emotionally intelligent interaction and ethical deployment, contributing to real-world pilots and
lab prototypes. She chairs the IEEE Women in Engineering Affinity Group in Azerbaijan, where she
organized initiatives, including a flagship conference panel that engaged over 700 women engineers
and students. Sonabayim aims to advance culturally inclusive, trustworthy AI and human-robot
interaction for care and public-interest settings. She holds a bachelor's in Mechatronics and
Robotics from Azerbaijan State Oil University. Sonabayim is from Azerbaijan.

--- Hope Jackson ---
Hope Jackson is a public health researcher, economist, and consultant. Her career has centered on
reproductive justice and women’s health. She currently works with Needed, a supplement startup that
advances nutrition for women. Hope holds a bachelor’s degree from Duke University, where she was a
Ron Brown Scholar and Hart Fellow. She also earned an MPH in health systems, policy, and public
health economics from Johns Hopkins University. As a startup enthusiast and trained doula, Hope
seeks a more global understanding of reproductive health policy to help create entrepreneurial
solutions for women’s health issues. Hope is from the United States.

--- Bree Javed ---
Bareera Javed graduated from Bahria University with a BA-LLB, specialising in law. During her
studies, she served as vice president of the Law Society and organised the 2018 China Pakistan
Economic Corridor-Belt and Road Initiative Dialogue in Cairo, showcasing her passion for
international relations and cultural exchange. She also founded initiatives to protect the rights of
domestic workers and raise awareness of women's rights in marriage. Fluent in Urdu, Punjabi,
English, and conversational in Russian and French, Bareera is currently studying Chinese and
Persian. She interns at the Federal Tax Ombudsman to explore the role of ombudsman bodies in the
legal system. Bareera is from Pakistan.

--- Chengxi Jiang ---
Chengxi Jiang explores the dialogue between industrial policy and emerging technologies. She is
currently a Global Chemicals Equity Research Associate at Jefferies in New York, with prior
experience at Goldman Sachs and Xinhua News Agency. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Chengxi is dedicated to
driving innovation-led growth in traditional industries through research, capital coordination, and
greater transparency. Originally from China’s industrial heartland, she is passionate about
supporting underprivileged communities, having served in leadership roles with NGOs such as Learning
Enterprises, the Red Cross, and A Better Community. Chengxi holds degrees from Nanjing University
and Columbia University, where she focused on communications, international finance policy, and data
analytics. Chengxi is from China.

--- Galen Jiang ---
Galen Jiang is a design engineer at Boeing who is passionate about bridging the gap in commercial
aviation between the U.S. and China. She has over five years of industry experience with passenger
aircraft and holds an MS in Aeronautics and Astronautics from Stanford University, with an MBA in
Management and a BS in Mechanical Engineering from California State University, Fullerton. Galen is
fascinated by aviation's ability to connect people across cultures from all walks of life. She is
committed to strengthening the collaboration between U.S. and China and advancing innovation for the
flying public. Galen is from the United States.

--- Mira Jiang ---
Mira Jiang studies computational neuroscience and English literature at Harvard. She serves as
president of the Creative Writing Collective, the largest student writing organization on campus,
co-chairs the Leverett House Committee, and was the editor-in-chief of Prescriptions, the
undergraduate medical humanities publication. A Young Guts Scholar of the American
Gastroenterological Association, Mira researches how microbes and hormones shape the enteric nervous
system at Boston Children’s Hospital and has worked at the RIKEN Center for Brain Science in Japan,
building neural networks to model Alzheimer’s disease. She hopes to shape the integration of AI into
medicine, bridging scientific innovation with cultural traditions. Mira is from the United States.

--- Ava Noelle Johnson ---
Ava Noelle Johnson is pursuing Economics at Spelman College, where she has combined her interests in
public policy, business, and video game development to advocate for more equitable media
representation. As an undergraduate, she has served as an Electronic Arts producer intern, a fellow
at the JPMorganChase-backed Sadie Summit, a U.S. Bank Wall Street Fellow, and the vice president of
her HBCU’s Chinese Culture Club. Ava has a passion for social justice, which she has conveyed as a
Georgia Women’s Policy Institute alumna, where she spent hours advocating for legislation that would
assist in ending the school-to-prison pipeline. Ava Noelle is from the United States.

--- Leon Jones ---
Leon Jones III graduated from the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff (UAPB) in 2022 and
Northeastern University in 2024. At UAPB, he served as Student Government Association president and
founded the Freshman Leadership Academy. While at Northeastern, he interned for Senator Reverend
Raphael Warnock and worked for Attorney General Andrea Campbell. Passionate about historically Black
colleges and universities (HBCUs), Leon is dedicated to advocating for policies that uplift these
institutions. Leon is from the United States.

--- Frank Kao ---
Youfu (Frank) Kao is an undergraduate in Tsinghua University’s Global Environmental Program,
focusing on integrating Large Language Models (LLMs) into public environmental education to address
global educational disparities. He founded and served as CEO of an entrepreneurial training project
that garnered over 1 million views on social media. As an influencer with 35,000 followers, Frank
advocates for positive change in youth communities. He is deeply involved in social initiatives,
leading impactful environmental education programs. Additionally, he captained Tsinghua University’s
basketball and swimming teams at the School of Environment. Frank is from Taiwan, China.

--- Ishita Kapoor ---
Ishita Kapoor is a technologist, entrepreneur, and public speaker who graduated with first-class
honors in Computer Science. As Founder and CEO of eDrishti, she has developed solutions making STEM
education accessible to over 202 million visually impaired students globally. Her work in inclusive
education, assistive technology, and AI has earned recognition from Microsoft, Google, UNICEF, and
the Indian government. She has secured over $12,000 in funding through partnerships with NGOs and
tech organizations. Ishita has led over 35 teams to success and believes the Schwarzman Scholars
will accelerate her vision. Ishita is from India.

--- Rishika Kartik ---
Rishika Kartik is a senior at Brown University studying Biology and Accessible Design, a degree she
pioneered. A U.S. Presidential Scholar and TEDx speaker with millions of views, she advances
disability and assistive technology research while expanding artistic opportunities for blind
communities through Touch and Create Studios, which she founded. She developed a healthy aging
program at Hawaii’s leading Center for the Blind and has spoken at institutions, including Johns
Hopkins University and Johnson &amp; Johnson. Rishika integrates science and design to support
global conversations on disability, technology, and inclusive design. Rishika is from the United
States.

--- Rolando Kattan Rubi ---
Rolando Kattan Rubi is committed to peace-building and development in Latin America. At Yale
University, he served as president of the largest student organization, the Yale International
Relations Association, and conducted research for Yale’s Leitner Center of Effective Democratic
Government. He was awarded the Davis Project for Peace Fellowship, which he used to advance
menstrual rights in Honduras. Rolando has extensive experience in multilateral bodies, having worked
for the United Nations, the United Nations Development Program, and the Organization of American
States. He plans to continue leveraging international institutions and community efforts to drive
long-term change in the region. Rolando is from Honduras.

--- Justin Kawaguchi ---
Justin Kawaguchi is an advocate and young professional focused on the intersection of global health
and business entrepreneurship. He graduated from the University of Southern California with degrees
in Global Health and Health Administration. Currently a management consultant at Bain &amp; Company,
he previously completed a Fulbright Award in Taiwan, developed AI-powered care tools at the Keck
School of Medicine, and led Okaeri, an LGBTQ+ nonprofit supporting queer AANHPI empowerment. Justin
aims to learn from China’s leadership in health development and explore innovative ways to improve
health outcomes through international collaboration. Justin is from the United States.

--- Jacob Keisner ---
Jacob Keisner graduated with double first-class honours from the University of Cambridge, where he
also earned an M.Phil. in History. At Cambridge, he gained experience in tech, law, think tanks, and
geopolitical advisory while founding a charity to combat homelessness. After graduating, he worked
in the offshore support industry with a focus on emerging markets and new technologies. Long term,
he aims to promote decarbonisation in this sector. He hopes to use his year in Beijing to better
understand China’s role in the maritime green transition. Jacob is from the United Kingdom.

--- Joud Khateb ---
Joud Khateb is a Saudi investment professional at the Supreme National Investment Committee, working
at the intersection of public policy and capital markets. He contributed to Saudi Arabia’s G20 Trade
and Investment agenda and Expo-related international engagement. Previously at Kearney and Oliver
Wyman, he delivered cross-sector results from airport journey redesigns to banking operations
improvements. He holds a bachelor’s degree in Industrial and Systems Engineering from King Abdul
Aziz University and has been recognized at the Geneva International Exhibition of Inventions. Joud
is also a member of the Saudi Leadership Society as a graduate of the Misk Fellowship and the
Ignited Voices program under the Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman Foundation​. Joud aims to build
durable Saudi-China platforms that translate policy into pipelines for SMEs and technology transfer.
Joud is from Saudi Arabia.

--- Hamza Khawaja ---
Hamza Khawaja is a law graduate of the Lahore University of Management Sciences. He led a national
movement against the 31-year ban on student unions, prompting reforms for nearly two million
students. As a partner at Taameer-AI, he oversees development of an AI transcription tool designed
to reduce Pakistan’s judicial backlog by up to 50%. His politico-legal analyses through television,
social media, and publications have earned more than one million views. Hamza worked at the World
Bank and founded Pakistan’s first student-run policy think tank, consulting for the government.
Hamza is from Pakistan.

--- Isabelle King ---
Isabelle King is a senior at Harvard University pursuing a bachelor’s in Government with a citation
in Chinese and a secondary in European History, Politics, and Societies. She is passionate about
foreign policy, particularly national security. Isabelle serves as deputy managing editor of the
Harvard International Review, where she co-manages writing cycles and reports on politics and
security across sub-Saharan Africa. Her thesis examines the relationship between foreign military
operations and political violence in the Sahel, focusing on Mali. Isabelle is from the United
States.

--- Alexander Koenig ---
Sandy Koenig is a legislative aide for U.S. Senator Edward J. Markey, focused on small businesses
and emerging technologies. Previously, he served as Markey’s campaign finance director, raising
several million dollars for the senator’s re-election. He holds a bachelor’s degree in History from
Harvard University with a citation in Chinese. Sandy led the Harvard Political Union, the college’s
oldest debating union, and served on the board of Harvard’s satellite construction society. He hopes
to bridge the technological divide between China and the United States, applying those lessons to
strengthen American innovation and growth. Sandy is from the United States.

--- Fiona Koh ---
Fiona Koh is a Senior Cybersecurity Consultant at Deloitte Switzerland and a published author in
European AI regulations. She has a degree in Business Analytics from Manhattan University, where she
studied on a Track and Field scholarship. Fiona’s passion for mentoring talents and eliminating the
gender gap in her field led her to founding a career mentoring non-profit. She is multilingual and
speaks English, German, French, and Korean. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Fiona aspires to leverage her
cross-cultural background and gain a deep understanding of China’s cybersecurity landscape to foster
international agreement on information security regulations. Fiona is from Switzerland.

--- Ilia Kosar ---
Ilia Kosar founded and leads the digital transformation office at Epic Group, a global apparel
manufacturer. He began his career as an executive trainee at Jardine Matheson before co-founding
ventures in fintech and tech consulting in Singapore and Hong Kong, supported by partners such as
Coinhako, Le Freeport, and Meinhardt. A math graduate of Yale-NUS College with interests in
entrepreneurship and public policy, Ilia is passionate about bringing frontier technologies into
traditional sectors, including manufacturing and construction. Ilia is from Russia.

--- Maxime Kpangbai ---
Maxime Kpangbai graduated from the University of Chicago with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics. She
is a consultant at the Boston Consulting Group, specializing in digital transformations and
organizational change management. With experience in both the private and multilateral sectors, she
helped implement the UN Global Compact Africa Strategy and led public-private strategic partnerships
across Africa. Maxime is dedicated to leveraging business solutions to address global challenges. As
a Schwarzman Scholar, she aims to study how state-owned enterprises fueled China’s rapid economic
growth and apply those lessons to support Africa’s development. Maxime is from the United States.

--- Diya Kraybill ---
Diya Kraybill is a senior at Princeton University, majoring in Politics with a certificate in
History and the Practice of Diplomacy. She is passionate about international law and justice. Diya
serves as editor-in-chief of the Princeton Legal Journal, senior class vice president, and a Cicero
Fellow in Princeton’s Program in Law and Public Policy. As a Schwarzman Scholar, she hopes to
explore the complexities of China’s political and legal systems, building a foundation for future
engagement with China on the international legal stage. Diya was raised in Singapore and is from
Bangladesh and the United States.

--- Hannah Kuhn ---
Hannah Kuhn earned her Bachelor of Laws from King’s College London while simultaneously completing
her German law degree at Humboldt University Berlin. She has interned at the European Court of
Justice, the Bundesrat, and the German Embassy in London. Alongside her studies, she works as a
public law research assistant and is an award-winning advocate for legal diversity and
accessibility. As Vice President of the Anglo-German Law Society, Hannah promotes cross-
jurisdictional dialogue, which she seeks to extend to China through Schwarzman. She has held
scholarships from the German Academic Scholarship Foundation, the DAAD, and the Ministry of
Education. Hannah is from Germany.

--- Nomboh Kunchu ---
Nomboh Evans Kunchu is a Mastercard Foundation Scholar and an Electrical Power Systems Engineering
graduate from African Leadership University in Mauritius. He is the founder of Moto Health, a
startup providing mobility solutions for minor health emergencies in underserved African
communities, which has raised more than $25,000 in grant funding. Evans is an alumnus of the ALU
Global Leadership Program in Silicon Valley and helped lead ALC Valley, which raised $8,500 to
support young African entrepreneurs. After Schwarzman Scholars, he plans to scale Moto Health by
applying lessons from China’s health and innovation systems. Nomboh is from Cameroon.

--- Aleksandr Kuzmenchuk ---
Aleksandr (Alek) Kuzmenchuk graduated Phi Beta Kappa from the College of William and Mary in 2024,
where he studied international relations and data science. For a year, he researched heritage
conservation as foreign policy as a Fulbright-Nehru student researcher in New Delhi. He has held
internships at the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee, the Department of State, and a
Department of Defense program and served as editor-in-chief of his university’s journal of
international studies. He ended his gymnastics career as captain of his Division I team. He hopes to
pursue a career in U.S. politics. Alek is from the United States.

--- Tiffanie Laborie-Bousquet ---
Tiffanie Qing Yi Laborie-Bousquet works at the nexus of sustainable finance, philanthropy, and
multilateral policy. As a fellow at Oak Foundation, she supports a $35 million portfolio for global
climate initiatives, with a focus on renewable energy in China. She also works as a partnerships
assistant with the UN World Food Program in Geneva. Tiffanie received the Davis Projects for Peace
scholarship to develop a community-led mobile application for Maasai pastoralists in Kenya, using
solar-powered tools to reduce climate-induced conflicts. As a Schwarzman Scholar, she aims to
strengthen China–Global South partnerships in climate finance and renewable energy. Tiffanie is from
France.

--- Maha Latif ---
Maha Latif, a Strategic Studies graduate from National Defence University, leads a team of 500+
individuals at Pakistan’s largest digital bank. Passionate about financial inclusion, she focuses on
empowering underserved communities, especially female entrepreneurs. Her financial literacy
campaigns have impacted over 8,000 people in Pakistan. As an entrepreneur and leadership coach, Maha
has inspired over 1,000 individuals through motivational speaking and business training. She mentors
aspiring entrepreneurs and is committed to driving positive social change. As a Schwarzman Scholar,
she aims to explore innovative digital financial solutions to empower emerging economies worldwide.
Maha is from Pakistan.

--- Sage Lattman ---
Sage Lattman is a senior at Harvard University studying History. On campus, she serves as an editor
and writer for The Harvard Crimson, specializing in investigative reporting. Beyond Harvard, she
interned at a women’s rights nonprofit in Santiago, Chile, and at CAA in the company’s book
publishing division. As a Schwarzman Scholar, she aims to deepen her understanding of China and
U.S.-China relations. Sage plans to pursue a career in the media industry, fostering civil discourse
and promoting new ideas in the public sphere. Sage is from the United States.

--- Ka Kiu Lau ---
Ka Kiu Lau is a Hong Kong football representative team player and former captain of Pomona College’s
varsity team. He has represented Hong Kong since the age of 13, competing in the 19th Asian Games
and scoring his first senior goal at the HK–Guangdong Cup. He recently signed professionally with
Lee Man FC for the 2025-26 season and is representing Hong Kong in qualification for the 2027 AFC
Asian Cup. Off the field, Ka Kiu led cross-border strategy research at Qualcomm and analyzed
healthcare investments at VMS Investment Group, deepening his interest in U.S.–China economic
relations. Ka Kiu is from Hong Kong S.A.R.

--- Eli Leadham ---
Eli Yoichi Leadham is a Truman Scholar studying Sociology with a concentration in Criminology and
minoring in English and Japanese at Wake Forest University. A National Collegiate Student Debate
Champion finalist, they have coached debaters in the U.S. and the Asia-Pacific region. Drawing on
their experiences, Eli interned for the U.S. Attorney’s Office of Sexual Offense to support
survivors of gender-based and sexual violence. On campus, they also advocate for the LGBTQ+
community, serving as the inaugural violence prevention assistant and co-director of Advocacy
Leaders in Interpersonal Violence Education. Eli holds citizenships in the United States and Japan.

--- Alison Lee ---
Alison Lee graduated from Princeton University, majoring in Computer Science with minors in
Entrepreneurship and Tech and Society. Her mission is to empower and connect female entrepreneurs
around the world. She founded FemaleFounded, an undergraduate conference created to advance this
goal. Alison also strengthened international dialogue by leading Business Today, an organization
that connects undergraduate students globally with influential business leaders. She is eager to
learn about the entrepreneurial ecosystem in China and at Tsinghua University. Currently, as an
associate at Boston Consulting Group, Alison has explored the technology and private equity sectors.
Alison is from the United States.

--- Samuel Levy ---
Samuel Levy holds a B.A. in Political Science and Global Studies from the University of Chicago and
previously studied at the Kivunim Institute in Jerusalem and at National Taiwan University as a
Boren Scholar. Sam hopes to explore China’s economic development model and how it has influenced its
foreign policy decision making. Sam is from the United States.

--- Kyle Li ---
YangFangZheng (Kyle) Li is a designer and engineer dedicated to integrating design, technology, and
human experience. After graduating from Imperial College London, Kyle’s design works received Red
Dot Design Awards, and his wearable product research was published at the ACM Conference on Tangible
and Embedded Interaction. He previously worked at Apple as a manufacturing design engineer,
contributing to the development of the iPhone and Apple Watch. Kyle is passionate about fostering
global interdisciplinary collaboration and advancing design approaches that make technology more
inclusive, accessible, and responsive to human needs, shaping a more innovative and human-centered
future. Kyle is from China.

--- Matthew Li ---
Minghan Matthew Li graduated with a first-class bachelor’s degree in History from Queen Mary
University of London. Since graduation, he has worked at China Resources Enterprise (CRE), where he
is responsible for social development strategy and planning. Matthew serves as Captain of the Youth
Volunteers Group of the Hong Kong Volunteers Association and co-founded an initiative supporting the
reintegration of delinquent Hong Kong youths into society. Through Schwarzman Scholars, he aims to
strengthen cross-border cooperation through social partnerships and prepare for a career in the
public sector. Matthew is from Hong Kong S.A.R., China.

--- Sharon Li ---
Sharon Li is a business manager on Capital One’s Social Impact Advisory team, driving private sector
innovation for socioeconomic mobility. While studying Global Affairs at Yale, she researched
technology’s impact on Chinese and American societies and was a two-time Light Fellow in Beijing.
Sharon also founded and leads a nonprofit focused on digital access and literacy. As a Schwarzman
Scholar, she aims to connect socially driven business innovations across sectors and borders while
deepening her understanding of China’s policies supporting marginalized communities. Sharon is from
the United States.

--- Stephanie Li ---
Yufei (Stephanie) Li earned her undergraduate degree from Duke Kunshan University and is pursuing a
Master of Public Administration with a concentration in Climate, Energy, and Environment at Columbia
University. At Columbia, she served as the president of the Chinese Students and Scholars
Association. Her graduate work focuses on climate governance and corporate sustainability in both
domestic and international contexts. As a Schwarzman Scholar, she aims to advance sustainability
through policy innovation and business solutions, strengthening China’s role in global cooperation.
Stephanie is originally from China.

--- Tianxin Li ---
Tianxin Li graduated from the University of California, San Diego with a degree in Statistics and
pursued further studies in Comparative and International Education at Columbia University. She is
passionate about using sports as a global language for cultural exchange between China and the
international community. During the Winter Olympics, Tianxin served as a national technical
official, ensuring seamless event operations through international collaboration. She also led a
team of 30 to produce a figure skating reality show for CCTV featuring over 100 participants.
Tianxin is determined to advance sports diplomacy through her work and future aspirations. Tianxin
is from China.

--- Siqiao Liang ---
Siqiao Liang studies Social Research and Public Policy at New York University Abu Dhabi and interns
at the university’s Institute for Peace and Conflict Resolution. He has worked with refugees and
immigrants in Jordan, Turkey, Lebanon, Syria, Argentina, Bolivia, Uruguay, and the UAE. In Amman, he
conducted research at the Jordanian Higher Population Council and coordinated education programs
with the Jesuit Refugee Service. He is currently exploring China’s role in global refugee
governance. Siqiao serves as the student liaison between New York University Abu Dhabi and the
Chinese Embassy and is vice president of the Chinese Students and Scholars Association. Siqiao is
from China.

--- Jordan Lin ---
Zhuangzhuang (Jordan) Lin is a Sustainability Consultant at Arup, passionate about developing
innovative solutions to combat climate change through global collaboration. Named a Top 30 Under 30
Sustainability Leader in Canada (2023), he co-founded ReImagine17, a nonprofit that publishes
resources, facilitates workshops, and delivers programs mobilizing youth on sustainability issues
nationwide. He has spoken as a panelist at the United Nations and worked on solar projects in
Tanzania. Jordan holds a Bachelor of Applied Science in Mechanical Engineering (with distinction)
from the University of Waterloo. Jordan is from Canada.

--- Ray Lin ---
Ruihao (Ray) Lin graduated from Tsinghua University and Cornell University, where he served as an
editor of the Cornell Law Review and the Cornell Legal Information Institute. He has contributed to
policy research at the Asian Development Bank and provided pro bono legal support for Afghan
nationals navigating resettlement processes. His academic interests center on global justice,
comparative legal systems, and cross-border legal collaboration, with a commitment to strengthening
international cooperation. Ray is from China.

--- Stephanie Lin ---
Stephanie Lin studies Applied Mathematics in Economics at Harvard. She served on the executive team
of the Institute of Politics, the largest club on campus, where she hosted economic policymakers and
spearheaded the Institute of Politics One Fund. She also served as chief of staff for the Harvard
Economics Review and was part of the founding cohort of the Harvard Economics Labs. Stephanie
interned at the Department of Commerce and worked as a proprietary trader on the Macro/Econ desks at
D.E. Shaw and PIMCO. Her efforts focus on shaping a U.S. industrial policy with American
characteristics. Stephanie is from the United States.

--- Gleb Lisichenko ---
Gleb Lisichenko is a bridge-builder between the East and West, shaped by experiences across the
U.K., France, and China. His leadership spans transforming international payment operations, growing
transaction flows from zero to more than $100 million within months, and managing relations with
over 20 trading companies across APAC and EMEA. He has also organized cultural preservation
expeditions conserving historic wooden architecture. Fluent in five languages and a graduate of the
Moscow State Institute of International Relations and the University of International Business and
Economics, he combines geopolitical risk analysis with business development expertise. Gleb is from
Russia.

--- Chloe Liu ---
Xinran (Chloe) Liu graduated with honors from University of California, Los Angeles, double majoring
in Mathematics/Economics and Communication Studies, and obtained her Juris Doctor from Harvard.
After graduating from Harvard Law School, Chloe Liu pursued her career in Asia, working on cross-
border private equity, venture capital and mergers &amp; acquisitions transactions at a U.S. law
firm's Shanghai and Tokyo offices. She then joined Temu as a legal counsel to tackle cutting-edge
international legal issues and further connect China to the world. She hopes to continue promoting
the connection through law, business and education and she is committed to using her expertise to
build bridges across the world. Chloe is from China.

--- Suzanne Liu ---
<p style="text-align: left;">Chuanyuan (Suzanne) Liu graduated from the University of Pennsylvania's
Wharton School with concentrations in Finance and Business Analytics, along with minors in
International Relations and Comparative Literature. Passionate about the fashion industry, she has
interned at various consumer VC firms and Lanvin Group. Currently, as an associate at Alvarez &amp;
Marsal’s Consumer &amp; Retail Group, Suzanne focuses on optimizing operations and strategies for
global apparel companies. As a Schwarzman Scholar, she aims to foster a fashion ecosystem that
promotes Chinese cultural traditions and environmental sustainability. She also facilitated cross-
border dialogue through the Wharton Asia Exchange Journal and the Penn Wharton China Summit. Suzanne
is from Beijing, China.</p>

--- Vickie Liu ---
Weijing (Vickie) Liu is a learning designer at the Tsinghua University Lab for Lifelong Learning,
where she develops innovative learning experiences that make education more playful and inclusive.
Having navigated the Chinese, U.K., and U.S. educational systems, she brings interdisciplinary and
cross-cultural perspectives to her work. She has been a research assistant with the MIT Media Lab
and designed learning games at Microsoft Research Asia, focusing on human-AI interaction and
educational innovation. She holds a bachelor’s degree in Psychology from Mount Holyoke College and a
master’s degree in Learning Design, Innovation, and Technology from Harvard University. Vickie is
from China.

--- Vincent Liu ---
Jie (Vincent) Liu is a tech entrepreneur advocating for cross-cultural exchange through tea. A Duke
University Computer Science graduate, he founded MyTeaPal in 2020, a community-focused mobile app
and subscription service connecting over 20,000 tea enthusiasts worldwide and shipping curated teas
to more than 50 countries. At Duke, he founded the CommuniTEA club, which continues fostering a
strong community around tea culture. His work earned him selection for the Clinton Global Initiative
University, the Melissa &amp; Doug Entrepreneurs program, and the Watson Institute Flagship
Fellowship. Vincent aims to promote tea appreciation, mindfulness, and global connections through
technology. Vincent is from China.

--- Yanning Liu ---
Yanning Liu will graduate from the University of Manchester with a degree in archaeology and
anthropology. She has participated in significant fieldwork at top archaeological and cultural
institutions such as Beijing’s Palace Museum and the Yin Ruins in Anyang, Henan. She creatively
planned and led community cross-cultural exchange activities, building a bridge for dialogue between
Eastern and Western civilizations for residents. As a female youth representative, she spoke at the
Belt and Road Women's Forum and Youth Leadership Forum, showcasing women's leadership in archaeology
and global cultural exchange in the new era. Yanning is from China.

--- Tony Luo ---
Ting Kat Tony Luo is a sustainability strategist, urban planner and policy manager. Tony holds a
Bachelor of Environments from the University of Melbourne. Whilst at University, Tony was the
executive of AIESEC, a global youth organisation championing cross-cultural competencies. After
graduation, Tony begun work in government delivering Australia’s largest infrastructure and
transport projects. Tony hopes to collaborate with international communities to accelerate the
global transition to a circular economy by creating eco-friendly precincts. Tony became the co-
president of the United Nations Association of Australia’s Young Professional Network. Tony also
spearheaded thought leadership on China’s smart cities thinking. Tony is from Australia.

--- Hanie Luong ---
Minh Hanh (Hanie) Luong is the first-ever management trainee selected for Morgan Stanley Asia’s
Compliance Division. She graduated from the University of Hong Kong where she served as a co-founder
of HKU Women in Finance. From Vietnam’s Central Highlands to the world of high finance, Hanie's life
has been a journey of overcoming obstacles and redefining what is possible. The courage to live up
to her full potential, while empowering others to realize theirs, has catalyzed her growth. Hanie’s
vision is to enhance financial inclusion in developing economies through entrepreneurship. She is
also a creative storyteller and book co-author. Hanie is from Vietnam.

--- Angelo M'ba ---
Angelo M'BA holds an MPhil in Modern Chinese Studies from Oxford and serves as the current president
of European Guanxi, a youth-led think tank. His long-held interest in cooperation mechanisms led him
to intern at the Conflict Prevention and Peace Forum, to help write a book on international
security, and to join Chatham House’s youth platform. At Oxford, he directed the event section of
the St. Antony’s International Review, a peer-reviewed journal, and edits for the Oxford Political
Review. Through Schwarzman Scholars, he aspires to hone the skills necessary to foster nuanced
engagement with China. Angelo is from France.

--- Anthony Ma ---
Qiang (Anthony) Ma holds master’s degrees in International Relations from Beijing Foreign Studies
University and in Interpreting &amp; Translating from the University of Bath. Through working with
international organizations such as the World Economic Forum and strategic communications
consultancies including APCO Worldwide, Anthony refined his ability to foster understanding between
China and the world. As a Schwarzman Scholar, he is poised to build a more interconnected world
through open dialogue and extensive engagement. Anthony is from China.

--- Dominic Ma ---
Siguang (Dominic) Ma is an industrial designer with a focus on transforming design for
sustainability. He founded the China office of INDEED Innovation, a global design and innovation
consultancy for the circular economy. At Indeed, he helped multinational corporations and Chinese
companies across sectors to address sustainability challenges in China by designing low-emission
products, innovating circular business models, and developing China-based sustainability innovation
capabilities. Dedicated to growing the circular economy, Dominic also led knowledge-transferring
initiatives with leading NGOs and universities. He holds a Bachelor of Industrial Design degree from
Pratt Institute in New York, U.S. Dominic is from China.

--- Kingwell Ma ---
Qianwei (Kingwell) Ma studies International Politics at Georgetown University, drawing on experience
across China, the U.S., and Qatar. His research on global sovereign debt, including awarded work on
China’s African investments, has been presented at Harvard University and at the MPSA Annual
Conference. He has gained experience in private sector roles and in public financial institutions.
As a host and writer, he reconstructs narratives for Global South communities, interning for an
award-winning show with five million views. As a Schwarzman Scholar, he aims to foster inclusive
global financial frameworks by bridging understanding of China’s approach. Kingwell is from China.

--- Sabrina Ma ---
Xueran (Sabrina) Ma will gradute with degrees in Philosophy and FinTech from Renmin University of
China, where she is an ice hockey player and the recipient of the Entrepreneurship Star Award. She
founded a healthtech startup supporting Alzheimer’s patients through digital screening tools, and
has organised community campaigns in ageing neighbourhoods to raise awareness of chronic disease
prevention. Through internships at KKR, NDRC, China Securities, and BCG, she has deepened her
interest in public policy and investment. Xueran aims to globalise China’s health technology sector
and foster cross-border collaboration. Xueran is from China.

--- Deborah Madueke ---
Deborah (Debbie) Madueke is a finance professional at Google and a cofounder of Replast, a plastic
recycling company in Nigeria. Her studies in Economics and International Affairs at Northeastern
University, strengthened by a semester in Hong Kong, sparked her interest in Chinese–African
relations. At Google, she oversees a multibillion-dollar machine portfolio while advancing
collaboration and inclusive culture. Drawn to Schwarzman Scholars for its immersive engagement with
China’s global leadership, she aims to work with African governments and international institutions
on development strategies grounded in local context, digital infrastructure, and entrepreneurship.
Debbie is from Nigeria and the United States.

--- Jesse Maikarfi ---
Jesse Maikarfi is a MasterCard Foundation Scholar and an honors Software Engineering student at the
African Leadership University (ALU) in Rwanda. He is an alumnus of the U.S. Dept. of State's
Kennedy-Lugar Youth Exchange and Study Program. Jesse founded Vitaseal, a venture using
nanotechnology to extend the shelf life of agricultural produce, addressing food wastage in Africa.
He has secured over $10,000 of funding for community service projects. After Schwarzman Scholars, he
intends to scale his venture Vitaseal by leveraging Chinese technological advancement and
entrepreneurial ecosystem to enhance Vitaseal and foster China-African partnerships. Jesse is from
Nigeria.

--- Tulisha Malichi ---
Tulisha Malichi is a Mastercard Foundation Scholar at EARTH University and the founder of SOLGANIC,
a startup addressing the challenge of soil degradation. An advocate for food systems, he has taken
on leadership roles as an ambassador for the Next Generation Agriculture Impact Network and has
spoken at major forums, including to senior business leaders during a food systems executive
leadership program. He is currently an intern at the UNDP and previously completed a research
internship at Cornell University. Tulisha hopes to shape agricultural policies that transform food
systems and support sustainable rural development. Tulisha is from Zambia.

--- Daniel Martin ---
Daniel Martin will graduate from the University of Montana, where he studied History and
Environmental Science as a Presidential Leadership Scholar. He has worked across local, state, and
federal government, including internships with state legislators and U.S. Senator Jon Tester, and
served as a Demmer Policy Scholar in Washington, D.C. He helped the City of Missoula develop a cost-
effective climate strategy and led a research project in Singapore examining the country’s climate
policies for potential application in Montana. Daniel also studied abroad in Ireland and China and
is committed to addressing the climate crisis through public policy for rural communities across the
region. Daniel is from the United States.

--- Tania Martinez ---
Tania Martinez’s passion lies in empowering immigrant and underserved communities. At the NYC
Department of Small Business Services, Tania has led the agency in multi-faceted manners, including
co-founding New York City’s inaugural Latino American Small Business Task Force and leading efforts
to connect newly-work authorized asylum seekers to employment. She holds a degree in Political
Science, Philosophy, and Global Studies from Rutgers University - Camden. As a Schwarzman Scholar,
Tania hopes to develop insight into how local government can better unlock immigrants' economic
potential through exposure to China’s innovative state-led policy implementation as a model. Tania
is from the United States.

--- Nesrine Mbarek ---
Nesrine Mbarek is an International Education Consultant at IIEP-UNESCO, advising Ministries of
Education on public financial management and gender equality. She has worked across multiple
countries including South Africa, Colombia, Jordan, Chad, Mauritania, and Madagascar. Nesrine co-
launched Tunisia88, a project introducing music programs in Tunisian high schools. She served as
president of the American Middle Eastern Network for Dialogue at Stanford, executive director of the
Kennedy School Review, and co-founder of the Harvard Kennedy School Tunisia Caucus. Nesrine holds a
History bachelor’s with honors from Stanford, and a Master’s in Public Policy with Distinction from
Harvard. Nesrine is from Gafsa, Tunisia.

--- Fridah Mbwaya ---
Fridah Mbwaya graduated from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with degrees in Business
Administration and Economics, along with a minor in History. During her time as an undergraduate,
she was a Robertson Scholar, a Luther Hodges Scholar, and served as co-president of OneAfrica. After
graduation, she joined Bain &amp; Company as an associate/senior associate consultant. Fridah is
also the co-founder of Maisha Abroad, a social initiative celebrating and highlighting African
international students. She is passionate about leveraging technology and education to reduce
inequalities, providing underserved students with critical tools and building lasting
infrastructures for technology access. Fridah is from Kenya.

--- Isaac McCurdy ---
Isaac McCurdy is a U.S. Army infantry officer. During his service, he has led mechanized, motorized,
and dismounted infantry formations conducting missions as part of large-scale combat operations at
the Army’s National Training Center in the Mojave Desert. At Cornell University, he majored in China
and Asia Pacific Studies, played rugby, and performed stand-up comedy in Mandarin. At Schwarzman
College, Isaac aims to develop solutions for multipolarity that he plans to refine and apply in a
future career in diplomacy. He grew up with his family on the banks of the Potomac River in
Virginia. Isaac is from the United States.

--- Cian McGlynn ---
Cian McGlynn, a Global Business student at Trinity College Dublin, is passionate about leveraging
clean technology to address climate change and global inequalities. Cian has experience working on
future energy scenarios for Ireland's electricity grid operator, while also co-founding Spinosa, a
green chemical manufacturing startup. Previously, Cian founded a nonprofit generating over 20,000
meal donations to those in need. He aims to bridge Chinese innovation in green technology with
global markets, particularly in developing nations. Cian envisions a future where sustainable energy
solutions drive industrial growth, social progress, and poverty reduction on a global scale. Cian is
from Ireland.

--- Samuel McKnight ---
Sam McKnight is the founder and director of Khthon, a global NGO pioneering the use of open-source
and satellite intelligence to uncover mass graves and document war crimes. He also created KALOS, a
groundbreaking initiative supporting survivors of torture in post-Assad Syria. As a digital leader,
Sam has built an audience of more than 350,000 through impactful storytelling on history and
humanitarian issues and was selected as one of the St. Gallen Symposium’s 200 Leaders of Tomorrow.
He aims to advance accountability and innovative justice mechanisms worldwide. Sam is from the
United Kingdom.

--- Mary Clare McMahon ---
Mary Clare McMahon graduated from Yale University and earned a Certificate in Chinese and American
Studies from the Hopkins Nanjing Center, supported by Yale’s Richard U. Light Fellowship for the
study of Mandarin. Her professional work in the National Security and Cybercrime Section in the
Brooklyn U.S. Attorney’s Office has brought her face-to-face with the challenges of enforcing the
law in cases where technology, national security, and international relations intersect. She is
passionate about U.S.-China relations and aims to help develop a new U.S. national security policy
for a multipolar world. Mary Clare is from the United States.

--- John McQuillan ---
John McQuillan is a speechwriting fellow for Mayor of Boston Michelle Wu. He recently graduated with
a master’s in education policy and analysis at Harvard Graduate School of Education. Prior to
attending Harvard, John was a Leadership for Education Equity Public Policy Fellow, where he worked
on education policy for the District of Columbia. John also was a middle school social studies
teacher in New Orleans and has prior experience serving in Congress and in state government. John
graduated magna cum laude from Florida State University with a B.S. in Political Science and
English. John is from the United States.

--- Faisal Minawi ---
Faisal Minawi, a Computer Science graduate from the American University of Beirut, is an emerging
technologist leader. As a Millennium Fellowship campus director, he guided peers in developing
UNSDG-aligned projects, fostering collaborative leadership. Faisal's AI research projects explore
technology's role in addressing societal challenges. An Aspire Leaders Program and McKinsey Forward
Program alumnus, he combines technical expertise with strategic thinking. Faisal aims to link
technology with geopolitics, applying his perspective as a technologist with Middle Eastern insights
to shape policy and foster innovation in international development. He aspires to drive cross-
cultural understanding through technological solutions. Faisal is from Turkey and Palestine.

--- Imaan Mirza ---
Imaan Mirza grew up across the Muslim world, calling Pakistan, Egypt, and Saudi Arabia home. Imaan
is keen on advancing women’s rights in these milieus, specifically as they pertain to the realm of
Islamic family laws, which she aspires to transform. To this end, Imaan majored in History &amp;
Literature at Harvard, focusing on Islamic, Middle Eastern, and South Asian societies. In addition
to her studies, Imaan has interned in the Women &amp; Foreign Policy program at the Council on
Foreign Relations and volunteered at non-profits serving domestic violence survivors in both
Pakistan and the U.S. Imaan is from Pakistan.

--- Angelo Mok ---
Angelo Mok is a Chinese Puerto Rican social and real estate entrepreneur, dedicated to advancing
educational equity and cultural integration between Latin America, China, and the United States. A
graduate of the University of Southern California, he received the Citi Service Year Fellowship
award, which enabled him to fundraise over $1.3 million for underserved communities in New York
City. Concurrently, he founded a real estate company, supporting over 35 native families through its
affordable housing portfolio. Angelo aspires to collaboratively transform Puerto Rico’s development
by leveraging his trilateral perspective to shape economic and social policies. Angelo is from
Puerto Rico.

--- Francis Mok ---
Francis Mok is an artist manager and a Beijing Film Academy Cinematography graduate with eight years
of cross-Pacific experience in China and the U.S. He has managed a variety of superstars, including
Lay Zhang (EXO), Awich, and MC Jin, guiding them into the Billboard 200’s top 25 and helping them
sell millions of albums. He has collaborated with Grammy-winning producers, secured placements on
major Chinese shows, such as Rap of China, and brokered collaborations with icons such as Steve Aoki
and Alan Walker. From curating cross-continental tours and festivals to shaping artist branding and
market strategies, he brings a uniquely global perspective. Francis is from the United States.

--- Bryan Monge Serrano ---
Bryan Monge Serrano is a senior at Stanford studying data science and chinese studies. Bryan is
aware of the role of technology in tackling current issues having worked with the City of San Jose
and Changing Cities Research Lab to use data to have tangible impacts on rent control policy in the
Bay Area and utilizing AI for social good. Bryan has also worked to increase civil dialogue on
college campuses at Stanford and nationally through his work with the Intercollegiate Civil Dialogue
Program. Bryan is curious about how to maintain U.S.-China relations and mutual investment in the
digital age. Bryan is from the United States.

--- Nicole Montufar ---
Nicole Montúfar holds a finance degree from Florida State University and a master’s degree on
international taxation and commerce from El Externado University of Colombia. She served as Deputy
Head of EOI, and as a tax public policy specialist on national law and international cooperation at
Panama's tax administration (DGI). Dedicated to democratizing tax education for all taxpayers,
Nicole created the National Tax Education Program (NAF). As leading consultant at Montufar &amp;
Associates, Nicole offers financial and tax resources to micro and small businesses, empowering them
to achieve better financial management and comply with tax obligations. Nicole is from Panama.

--- Albee Mote ---
Nan Aye Mote "Albee" Mote studies Business Administration while concentrating in Social Innovation,
Entrepreneurship, and Management at Northeastern University. Passionate about sustainable business
practices and human-centered design, she gained experience at a nanotechnology firm in Boston and a
paper manufacturing corporation in Burma. Albee also served as the director of marketing &amp;
events at a pro bono design initiative and president at a women empowerment organization. She
aspires to build an inclusive and innovative ecosystem in Myanmar, bridging gaps with the developed
world while inspiring transformative commitments to sustainable development. Albee is from Myanmar
(Burma).

--- Issa Mudashiru ---
Issa Mudashiru is a senior at Princeton studying Medical Anthropology, Global Health and Health
Policy, and Chinese Language. He is a Class of 2025 Global Health Scholar and conducted ethnographic
fieldwork among Chinese and Sierra Leonean physicians in Sierra Leone for his Senior Thesis. He is
pursuing a career in orthopedic surgery and collaborative global health initiatives with African,
Chinese, and Western physician researchers to fortify health systems in Sierra Leone and across
Africa. Among other roles, Issa is co-captain of Princeton’s Men’s Soccer Team and vice-president of
the Black Premedical Society in Fall 2024. Issa is from the United States.

--- Priyanka Mukhara ---
Priyanka Mukhara is a senior at Harvard College studying Social Studies and Ethnicity, Migration,
Rights. The first South Asian elected co-president of the Harvard-Radcliffe Asian American
Association since its founding in 1976, Priyanka has united AAA's 1,000+ members and earned
university recognition for championing pan-Asian diversity. Passionate about educational equity,
Priyanka founded Education for Equality to train hundreds of youth advocates, co-authored
legislation advancing inclusive education, and secured $3.7 million in grants expanding Ethnic
Studies curricula nationwide. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Priyanka seeks to forge a global vision for
education policy rooted in equity. Priyanka is from the United States.

--- Federico Musso ---
Federico Alessandro Musso is a Future Leaders Scholar at Peking University and Bocconi University,
pursuing a double bachelor in International Economics &amp; Management under a full merit
scholarship. With a mission to enhance the sustainability and global competitiveness of Italian
SMEs, Federico co-founded a consulting firm in Milan, where he advises high-profile clients,
including Italy's largest tech community and a prominent Forbes-recognized startup. Federico also
serves as president of a student-driven organization in China, focusing on assisting NGOs in Asia.
He was a finalist in the Global Social Responsibility Challenge. Federico is from Italy.

--- Sanjeev Musuvathy ---
Sanjeev Musuvathy is an associate at the Boston Consulting Group, specializing in software private
equity, digital transformations, and GenAI. A former nationally-recognized policy debater, he
aspires to invest in technology entrepreneurs in emerging markets to drive growth. He previously
designed a retail cryptocurrency trading product for a Tiger Global-backed Nigerian startup and
defined go-to-market strategy for a Microsoft-backed Ethiopian HealthTech startup. As a Schwarzman
Scholar, Sanjeev will leverage his experience building UNC’s first student-run venture capital fund
and insights from China’s Digital Silk Road to address the late-stage startup investment gap in
emerging markets. Sanjeev is from the United States.

--- Yu Ci Faye Ng ---
Yu Ci Faye Ng is a doctor and aspiring clinician-innovator. She is a Clinical Fellow with the Duke-
National University of Singapore Health Innovator Program, a regular columnist for the Straits
Times, and a recipient of the Prime Minister’s Book Prize. She is the founder of Humans of Medicine
YLL, a humanistic project sharing the stories of healthcare workers, and the Medical Adjacent
podcast, which uncovers the intersection of medicine and adjacent fields like tech, innovation and
the humanities. She previously undertook a gap year to explore medical entrepreneurship in Boston,
and led various projects to improve healthcare access for marginalized communities. Faye is from
Singapore.

--- Nam Nguyen ---
Nam Nguyen graduated from Washington State University with a business degree and earned a master’s
degree from Johns Hopkins University. He is the first student in WSU’s 127-year history to study
abroad on all seven continents. Nam has interned at NASA, U.S. Department of State, and Office of
the Director of National Intelligence. Currently working at BP, he oversees the gift card program
across over 7,000 stations nationwide and supports a $3 billion credit card portfolio. He also
founded The Bach’s Wish Fund, a nonprofit dedicated to support Vietnamese students in education. Nam
is from the United States and Vietnam.

--- Tra Nguyen ---
Tra Nguyen graduated from Szent Istvan University with a bachelor’s degree in Wildlife Management
Engineering. He currently works for the Young Southeast Asian Leaders Initiative - Mekong program at
the Education Development Center. He also engages thousands of youth in policy advocacy as the
founder of Vietnam Youth Parliament - Mekong Program, leader of Young Key Author Group on Just
Energy Transition, and official representative of Vietnam at the Youth Sounding Board for E.U. in
ASEAN. As a Schwarzman scholar, he hopes to learn from China’s experience to adapt local policies
for climate change and sustainable development. Tra is from Vietnam.

--- Truc Cam Nguyen ---
Truc Cam (Cam) Nguyen is a leader dedicated to combating human trafficking. A Stanford University
alumna of Symbolic Systems and Human Rights, she previously founded an award-winning Vietnamese
nonprofit supporting over 10,000 community members and victims. At Stanford, she served as a
Confidential Support Team student representative, an editor at Intersect, and conducted research
with the Virtual Human Interaction Lab and Hoover Institution. A 2023 TreeHacks Grand Prize winner
with experience in virtual reality startups, Cam aims to leverage her background in emerging
technologies to develop global anti-trafficking solutions through Schwarzman Scholars alongside a
future career in law. Cam is from Vietnam.

--- Ivan Nikiforov ---
Ivan Nikiforov is one of the youngest Russian Trademark attorneys who has been practicing law for
more than 5 years. Ivan consulted leading international companies and oncological NGOs in Russia and
abroad. Ivan obtained master’s degrees in law and management in Saint Petersburg State University.
During his studies, he has been the head of debate club, intellectual property club and vice-
chairman of student council. Ivan is focused on institutional reforms including raising
accessibility and quality of legal protection. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Ivan is going to get deeper
knowledge of Chinese approach to reshaping public institutions. Ivan is from Russia.

--- Gastón Ocampo ---
Gastón Ocampo is the secretary general of IPDAL in Lisbon, where he advances South-South cooperation
through development projects benefiting thousands across Latin America and Africa. Previously at the
Inter-American Dialogue in Washington, D.C., he shaped Latin America’s first subnational cooperation
agenda with governments, international organizations, and multilateral development banks. He
graduated with honors from Roanoke College, earning a double major in International Relations and
Business Administration. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Gastón intends to explore China’s blended
financing models to reinforce South-South cooperation as a viable alternative to traditional aid. He
brings a global outlook shaped by diverse regional experiences. Gastón is from Argentina.

--- Sasha Ofori ---
Sasha Ofori, a BSc Computer Science graduate from Ashesi University, is a design research lead
tackling complex issues in education and health across Africa. As a primary caregiver for a
neurodivergent family member, she directs the Inclusive Employment Program at Multikids Inclusive
School, creating job opportunities for neurodiverse young adults. Sasha also founded the Abakan-
Dikan Fellowship, which supports young caregivers with scholarships, family counselling, therapy,
and career guidance to pursue their education and dreams while managing their caregiving
responsibilities. As a Schwarzman Scholar, she aims to enhance her expertise in China's governance,
sustainability, and innovation to drive impactful solutions. Sasha is from Ghana.

--- Arón Olegnowicz ---
Arón Olegnowicz is a special education teacher serving 22 students with disabilities in a high-
poverty elementary school through Teach For America. A two-time FLAS Fellow at Ohio State
University, Arón lobbied on Capitol Hill to successfully secure over $85 million in continued
government funding for study abroad scholarships. He has also channeled his passion for education
into projects with the United Nations, U.S. Department of Defense, and Accenture. Inspired by
China’s socioeconomic development model, Arón aims to expand access to quality education globally by
integrating AI technology, public policy, and business. Arón is from the United States and Mexico.

--- Patricio Ortiz ---
Patricio Ortiz will graduate from Stanford University with a B.A. in Economics and M.S. in
Statistics, where he restarted an international U.S.–China student summit and serves as a voting
member on Stanford's Board of Trustees. He has interned at the World Bank and the Asian Development
Bank, where he spearheaded the shift of the $180 billion loan portfolio to sovereigns. He has also
interned at private equity and hedge funds based in Singapore and Japan, affecting emerging markets
across Asia. He aims to bridge public and private capital markets to unlock financing for emerging
economies. Patricio is from Bolivia and the United States.

--- Rachel Ou ---
Rachel Ou is a researcher, artist, and community leader passionate about equitable healthcare. At
the University of Pennsylvania, she has researched nanoparticle drug delivery and autoimmune
disease, and guided uninsured patients through surgery access at the Center for Surgical Health. A
member of the 2025 World University Games table tennis team, Rachel builds bridges across sport and
culture. As president of Penn Chinese Calligraphy, she fosters cross-cultural dialogue through art.
She founded ArtInMind, a nonprofit using art to empower children with disabilities, and aspires to
be a physician advancing US-China biotechnology and healthcare collaboration. Rachel is from the
United States.

--- Kwabena Owusu Sarfo ---
Kwabena Owusu Sarfo recently earned his master’s degree in Energy and Resources from the University
of California, Berkeley. His research explored the electricity and climate impacts of energy-
intensive facilities such as data centers. He previously worked at Genser Energy in Ghana on large-
scale gas and solar-hybrid projects and founded Envision Digital, a digital signage company
expanding into clean energy ventures. His projects span solar desalination in Kenya, energy access
in Ghana, and commercialization of methane pyrolysis through Berkeley’s Cleantech-to-Market program.
He aims to connect African, American, and Chinese innovations in sustainable infrastructure,
advancing equitable energy transitions and global climate. Kwabena is from Ghana.

--- Max Palys ---
Max Palys is a senior at Harvard College studying Mathematics and East Asian Studies. He serves as
the editorial chair of The Harvard Crimson, where he promotes the values of respectful disagreement
and has edited op-eds by prominent professors and politicians. Within mathematics, Max studies
dynamical systems and bifurcation theory with an eye toward applications. Fluent in Mandarin and
trained in Classical Chinese, he aims to build bilingual, evidence-based communication between China
and the United States. Max is from the United States and Lithuania.

--- Gaurav Pande ---
Gaurav Jung Pande co-founded PlantSat, Nepal’s leading agri-insurtech company that has protected
over 6,700 farmers by leveraging AI and satellite technology. He studied Economics and Finance at
New York University in Abu Dhabi. Gaurav's cross-disciplinary pursuits span financial analysis in
Uganda’s renewable energy sector as a Princeton in Africa Fellow, leadership with Fortune 500
executives at The Adecco Group as the regional "CEO for One Month" winner, and product management at
noon, MENA’s largest homegrown e-commerce platform. Gaurav aims to build enterprises at the
intersection of technology, business, and cross-border capital flows to create equitable
opportunities in emerging economies. Gaurav is from Nepal.

--- Gabrijela Papec ---
Gabrijela Papec is a Masters in Economic Law candidate at Sciences Po, where she completed her
undergraduate studies in Government. She is passionate about women’s rights and youth empowerment.
Gabrijela founded Papillon Academy, the only global non-profit teaching debate and civics for free
to underprivileged girls. She has taught debate to 200+ students internationally. Gabrijela will
pursue a career in international public law. She is a legal associate at the Genocide Watch, working
on genocide prevention. As a Schwarzman Scholar, she will explore how to reform human rights
cooperation between China and the West through international law. Gabrijela is from Croatia.

--- Sung Jae Harry Park ---
Sung Jae (Harry) Park graduated with an MSc in Sociology from the University of Oxford and a BSc in
Politics from the London School of Economics and Political Science, specializing in mobilization
studies, particularly those that involve extreme political violence, including terrorism. This
academic focus shapes his professional dedication to conflict prevention. Harry has worked with the
British Red Cross, the U.K. Parliament, the government of South Korea, and the UNHCR. As a
Schwarzman Scholar, he aims to examine the emerging threat of radicalization in strongly cohesive
societies, taking China as a case study. He is currently fulfilling his national service as a
Military Security Observer. Harry is from South Korea.

--- Pranav Pattatathunaduvil ---
Pranav Pattatathunaduvil is a second-year MPP student in the Yale Jackson School’s BA/MPP Program in
Global Affairs. He is passionate about Indo-Pacific geopolitics, especially U.S.–India–China
relations and the region’s tech competition, and aspires to work in foreign policy. Pranav is the
co-founder of the GeoTech Initiative, which aims to get students involved at the intersection of
tech and international relations, and he spearheaded the first and second GeoTech Forums, which
convened over 200 STEM and policy students from around the U.S. in Washington, D.C. He has
previously interned at the State Department and U.S. Indo-Pacific Command. Pranav is from the United
States.

--- Leonas Pausch ---
Leonas Pausch graduated with first-class honors with distinction, at the top of his cohort from the
University of Cambridge. He's also studied Business Administration and Economics in Germany. At
Cambridge, he served as vice president and trustee of the Cambridge Union and further led multiple
political and cultural societies. After graduation, he worked at a geopolitical think tank in London
and a major German bank in New York, which both link to his long-term aspiration to make financial
globalization more stable, fair, and resilient. Leonas hopes to use his time in China to understand
Beijing’s initiatives to reshape and challenge existing institutions. Leonas is from Germany.

--- Barna Peterfi ---
Barna Peterfi is a published author who has worked and studied across five countries, holding
research and consulting roles, and is an incoming Andrássy National Security Fellow specializing in
Eurasian geopolitics. At university, he built a youth foundation with over 150 members,
democratizing entry points into policy debates for students. He is passionate about the intersection
of energy policy, sustainability, and geopolitics, an emerging field he terms geosustainability.
Through Schwarzman Scholars, he seeks to leverage Chinese cultural engagement and green tech
leadership to forge a Sino-European consensus on energy connectivity. He graduated with distinction
from the University of Edinburgh. Barna is from Hungary.

--- Maya Prakash ---
Maya Prakash is a senior at Williams College studying Economics and Comparative Literature. An
inaugural Global Scholar, she also spent a year at Oxford through the Williams-Exeter Programme. At
Williams, she led the Williams Record’s opinions section and has interned at The Washington Post. As
a Schwarzman Scholar, she hopes to deepen her understanding of the U.S.-India-China dynamic and
foster more informed conversations on China through opinion journalism and public discourse. She is
an Indian-American raised in Singapore and Hong Kong.

--- Xavier Ramirez ---
Francis (Xavier) Ramirez is advancing universities across Indiana to ensure they remain cornerstones
of ingenuity worldwide. He is the founding staff member in Indiana University's Office of the Chief
Operating Officer, supporting policy coordination across a 45,000-employee institution. He also
serves as Director of Recruitment for the Orr Fellowship, a nonprofit developing the next generation
of business leaders. There, he heads a 120-person team, drawing talent from over 16 universities
across the United States. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Xavier will explore how China's higher education
models balance national priorities with long-term stability. Xavier is from the United States.

--- Noa Rassin ---
Noa Rassin, a graduate of Reichman University’s honors track in Strategy and Decision-Making, is
currently the deputy of the Defense Attache in the Embassy of Israel in Beijing. Through her work,
Noa has been representing her country through meaningful connections and open discussions about the
Israel-Palestine conflict. Noa is committed to pursuing a diplomatic career that will align with her
belief and hope for regional peace. As a Schwarzman Scholar, she aspires to explore China’s role in
the Middle East as a promoter of peace and prosperity. Noa is from Israel and the United States.

--- Parker Ritzmann ---
Parker Ritzmann is a President Scholar at the University of Washington, where he is pursuing a
Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration. Passionate about finance and startups, he is part of
the Lavin Entrepreneurship Program and interned at Bain & Company and Two Ravens Venture Capital.
Trained in Florence as a certified barista, Parker founded HOPE Neighborhood Roasters, a social
enterprise empowering foster youth through specialty coffee. As a Schwarzman Scholar, he aims to
transfer insights from China’s development trajectory to create economic opportunity and equitable
value capture along supply chains in the Global South. Parker is from the United States.

--- Sydney Roberts ---
Sydney Roberts served as the student body president at the University of California, Berkeley,
representing 33,000 students while earning a B.A. in Political Science and African American Studies,
with minors in Public Policy and Race and the Law. As president, she secured a $195,000 grant to
advance multicultural initiatives and oversaw an 800-member organization with a $1.7 million budget.
Currently at EMILYs List, she helps elect Democratic, pro-choice women to political office
nationwide. Sydney plans to use her leadership and political communication skills to pursue global
conflict management and address shared challenges between the U.S. and China. Sydney is from the
United States.

--- Maya Rosen ---
Maya Rosen, a Harvard senior, is studying Social Studies and History of Science. Maya grew up
studying French, Spanish, and Mandarin, developing her interest in cross-cultural collaboration. On
campus, she leads efforts to increase conversation between divided communities and has been
recognized for her work as an Ibrahim Scholar. She also has served as chair of the undergraduate
Science, Technology, and Society fellowship and as editor-in-chief of the History of Science
journal. She hopes that time in China will allow her to enhance global cooperation on disease
management, specifically U.S.-China biosecurity efforts. Maya is from the United States.

--- Mehakpreet Saggu ---
Mehakpreet (Mehak) Saggu is transforming how the world learns research and neuroscience. As a
Pearson Scholar at the University of Toronto, she has reached over 700 students across 30 countries
and 120 institutions. Her programs aim to bring neuroscience literacy to 500,000 rural students by
2030. Blending curiosity with action, she has co-authored seven manuscripts, completed 1,200 hours
of clinical shadowing in neurology and oncology, and helped raise $912,000 for global causes. She
believes research truly comes alive only when it reaches the people whose lives it seeks to
transform. Mehak is from India.

--- Oluwatoni Salami ---
Oluwatoni Salami, a senior project officer on the World Bank SABER Program, transitioned from
BlackRock in London to public service in Nigeria, focusing on public-private partnerships (PPPs) and
infrastructure development. She was instrumental in advising Nigeria’s Ministry of Finance on the
$750 million private-sector reform program and coordinated a Nigerian International Investment
Summit in London. With first-class honors from Durham University, Oluwatoni seeks to leverage her
Schwarzman Scholar experience to delve into China’s innovative PPP frameworks and infrastructure
strategies. Her vision is to strengthen Sino-Nigerian relations through effective PPPs, encouraging
infrastructure development and global economic integration. Oluwatoni is from Nigeria.

--- Camalah Saleh ---
Camalah Saleh is a first-generation Yemeni immigrant and graduate of California State University,
Fresno, where she earned a dual degree in Political Science and Communication. She attended Fresno
State on a full-ride scholarship as a Smittcamp Family Honors College Scholar. As student body
president, she advocated for over 25,000 students and led projects centered on food insecurity and
accessibility. She founded Students for Palestinian Liberation, growing the club to over 1,000
members in its first year. Camalah hopes to reform the U.S. immigration system to be just and
economically sound. Camalah is from the United States.

--- Habib Salim ---
Sauda (Habib) Salim graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a degree in International
Relations and is currently an analyst at McKinsey. She is passionate about minority rights in
unstable regions. She draws her passion from experiences with terrorism and has been published for
her poetry on terror in Mombasa. Habib was a Penn World Scholar and president of Penn for UNICEF.
She has assisted 500+ international students transition to American institutions through the
Intercultural Leadership Program and KenSAP. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Habib aspires to learn about
South-South diplomacy in international organizations to propel political inclusion efforts in her
home country, Kenya.

--- Lucas San Miguel ---
Lucas San Miguel is passionate about economic development and aspires to work in U.S. diplomacy on
international public-private sector partnerships impacting Chinese and Latin American markets. He’s
worked for The Coca-Cola Company for over four years on integrated, Gen Z marketing projects in
North America, Asia, Europe, and South America, gaining experience localizing global business
strategies to nuanced cultures. He led Gen Z marketing strategy for Costa Coffee’s U.S. expansion.
Lucas also consulted with KPMG on technology transformations, and he hopes to further explore
China’s leadership in technology-driven development to advance multilateral support for
international cooperation. Lucas is from the United States.

--- Ajay Sawant ---
Ajay Sawant is a veterinary doctor and conservation communicator. He currently serves as the media
and brand engagement director at Bow Seat, a multi-award-winning nonprofit that empowers youth
through scholarships and grants. He founded Generation Artivism, an initiative that empowers youth
with creative advocacy for social impact. Ajay also leads as the president of ThinkOcean, a
nonprofit active in over a dozen countries working on marine literacy, restoration, and policy. A
fellow at The Asia Foundation, he’s a North American Association for Environmental Education 30
under 30 lister, Canadian High Commission’s 29 for 29 Changemaker, and the youngest strategic
communications advisor for the UN Ocean Decade. Ajay is from India.

--- Mia Sawjani ---
Mia Sawjani serves as United Nations programme manager at International Communities Organisation,
where she leads ICO’s UN portfolio, with a focus on the protection of minority rights in conflict-
affected settings. Mia is a first-class honours graduate from the University of Cambridge in Human,
Social and Political Sciences. At Cambridge, she held positions as senior editor for comparative
politics at Cambridge’s Journal of Political Affairs; co-founder and chair of Newnham College's
Politics and Debating Society; and vice-chair of Cambridge's Black, Asian and Minority-Ethnic
Campaign. Mia was the recipient of Newnham College's 2022 Anne Jemima Clough Prize. Mia is from the
United Kingdom.

--- Peter Scheuer ---
Peter Scheuer is an undergraduate student at Tsinghua University, focusing on economics and sports
management. Peter aims to build a global sports platform that connects training, competition, and
cultural exchange. He has competed in International Table Tennis Federation and World Table Tennis
events, earning the title of U.S. Nationals under-21 quarter-finalist in 2023. As an influencer with
over 165,000 followers on social media, Peter promotes the idea that sport can bridge cultural and
political divides. He captains Tsinghua University Table Tennis Team, winning multiple men's singles
and team titles. Peter is from the United States.

--- Joseph Schmitt ---
Joseph Schmitt is an author, researcher, and global leader advancing sanitation and hygiene access
for all. He was a Fulbright Research Scholar in Zambia, wrote a best-selling book profiling a UN
recognized humanitarian, and has spoken at many universities and international conferences. His book
gained global attention, garnered over eighty-five million organic impressions, and raised funds for
a Zambian educational NGO. Most recently, Joseph has led a team within a multi-billion dollar global
corporation, bringing to market innovative sanitation solutions for the developing world. He is
passionate about understanding China’s role in global sanitation. Joseph is from the United States.

--- Jasper Schutt ---
Jasper Schutt is a Morehead-Cain Scholar at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill majoring
in Global Studies and Interdisciplinary Studies. While at UNC, he was an internationally ranked
Arabic-language debater. He is also fluent in Russian and Mandarin. He worked as a legal intern
assisting migrant workers in Amman, Jordan and conducted research on the Chinese legal system's
regulation of digital currencies for a Shanghai-based commercial law firm. Jasper hopes to pursue a
career in international investment law, specifically representing developing countries in arbitral
disputes with multinational companies. He is from the United States.

--- Anugreh Sehtya ---
Anugreh Sehtya is an entrepreneur and changemaker from India, recognized as one of Ashoka’s Young
Changemakers for his work with Hybrid Idea, a venture that developed sustainable, self-reliant
business models for social enterprises. He founded Hybrid Labs, impacting over 3,000 students by
helping them build and monetize innovative projects. Anugreh received a national engineering award
and attended the University of Toronto’s DEEP Academy. His gaming venture - Serenico Labs has
crossed 2 million downloads, employs a team of over 25 people, and has formed global partnerships in
the U.S., Canada, Turkey, Israel and more. Anugreh is from India.

--- Kiara Shan ---
Qiqi (Kiara) Shan is an undergraduate student at Cornell University, double majoring in Psychology
and Economics. She is passionate about promoting positive changes in China’s mental health system
through business innovation and public leadership. Kiara brings hands-on experience across
healthcare, research, and community engagement, including patient experience and customer insight
research at a $5B+ healthcare organization. She also led large-scale cultural initiatives as a
leader of Cornell Chinese Students and Scholars Association. Motivated by the systemic challenges in
mental health care, Kiara seeks to leverage her interdisciplinary background in Psychology,
Economics, and Management to promote cross-sector collaboration and explore sustainable models for
improving mental health accessibility. Kiara is from China.

--- Lisa Shen ---
Lisa Shen is a clinical scientist and managing director at The Counsly Group, where she expands
college and career access for communities facing socioeconomic barriers and substance use
challenges. She earned her B.A. in Psychology and Political Science from Swarthmore College and
later directed operations for a $5.5 million NIH study at the University of Rhode Island, developing
mobile health interventions for individuals with PTSD and opioid use disorder. Through Schwarzman
Scholars, she will study how China’s “triple helix” model of innovation accelerates the translation
of research into scalable digital mental health therapeutics. Lisa is from the United States.

--- Emily Shi ---
Emily Shi is a senior at the University of Chicago double majoring in Biological Sciences and Public
Policy. She researches opportunities for transformative therapies in triple-negative breast cancer
in UChicago’s Ben May Department for Cancer Research. On campus, Emily is president of The Triple
Helix, the university’s longstanding science communication organization overseeing three different
publications. She also serves as the advocacy lead for UChicago’s Partners in Health Engage Chapter
and is passionate about alleviating global health inequalities. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Emily hopes
to promote cross-cultural communication and collaboration in global health. Emily is from the United
States.

--- Josemaria Silvestrini ---
Josemaria Silvestrini is co-founder of Happy Being, a beverage brand crafted to make being healthier
easier. Josemaria currently leads the operations and finance team at Happy Being and spearheaded the
company’s successful launch into e-commerce. His efforts drove over seven figures in revenue.
Josemaria holds a degree in Chemistry with a focus on Biochemistry &amp; Leadership Studies from
Williams College. On campus he founded and ran the largest professional organization in Williams’
history and was responsible for launching the College’s first green revolving fund. Josemaria is
from the United States by way of Colombia.

--- Evan Siu ---
Evan Siu is an associate product manager at Visa, he leads AI fraud detection, cross-border payment,
and small business acceptance products that elevate millions into the global financial system. Evan
aims to bridge the U.S.-China divide through fintech products that simplify financial interactions.
He works on projects with the Federal Reserve, JP Morgan &amp; Chase Co, and Citi and has
represented Visa at APEC events. In university, he led consulting for publicly traded companies and
was the first undergraduate accepted into the Creative Destruction Lab, a graduate-level startup
accelerator. Evan holds a B.S. in Informatics from the University of Washington. Evan is from the
United States.

--- Elliot Smith ---
Elliot Smith is a senior at Brown University studying Computer Science and International and Public
Affairs, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa as a junior. On campus, he serves as editor-in-chief
of the Brown Political Review, a 200-member undergraduate publication. His thesis research examines
how states adapt frameworks for AI and data regulation, with a focus on governance models in the
Global South. As a Schwarzman Scholar, he will study China’s approach to technology governance with
the goal of pursuing a career at the intersection of law and diplomacy. Elliot is from the United
States and Canada.

--- Igor Sobolev ---
Igor Sobolev is a Graduate Scholar majoring in International Relations and Asia-Pacific Affairs at
National Sun Yat-sen University in Taiwan. He believes that his distinctive identity, passionate
enthusiasm, language skills, educational background and impactful connections across the three
nations have uniquely positioned him to act as a future central figure bridging Russia, China, and
the United States to address the most important and complex global challenges. His interests lie in
cross-strait relations and global security. His future goal is to facilitate the essential dialogue
between Russia, China and the U.S. to reduce hostility in trilateral relations. Igor is from Russia.

--- Chengcheng Song ---
Chengcheng Song studies Economics and Statistics & Data Science at the University of California, Los
Angeles (UCLA). He recently worked at the United Nations Statistics Division, where he contributed
to data collection, analysis, and reporting initiatives as part of a global assessment on sustaining
statistical capacity in low- and middle-income countries. Passionate about the intersection of
technology and policy, Chengcheng has also worked at the Albright Stonebridge Group in Washington,
D.C. and ByteDance in Beijing, where he advised on AI regulations, export controls, and investment
restrictions. Chengcheng is currently a co-founder of Gizmo Payments, a fintech startup based in
Lusaka, Zambia, focused on expanding digital financial inclusion in emerging markets. Chengcheng is
from China.

--- Ethan Sperla ---
Ethan Sperla serves as an advisor at the U.S. Department of Commerce, where he advances U.S.
national interests through strategic engagement with China. He also helped launch the American AI
Exports Program. Rooted in Flint, Michigan, Ethan is committed to revitalizing economically
dislocated communities, expanding opportunity in his hometown while driving economic policy from
Washington. He previously directed research at the Hoover Institution and spearheaded its Economic
Statecraft Program. Ethan holds degrees in Economics and Management Science & Engineering from
Stanford University. He aspires to strengthen U.S. international leadership while advocating for
underserved communities. Ethan is from the United States.

--- Kilhah St Fort ---
Kilhah St Fort studies Data, Technology, & Society at CUNY Lehman College. She is the co-founder of
Students Uplifting Ancestral Spaces, a student organization committed to advocating for the
visibility of the contributions of enslaved Africans to the history and development of the Bronx. At
Lehman College, she works as a student advisor, leads TEDxCUNY’s partnerships and outreach
operations, and serves as the vice president for the Francophone Club. Kilhah aspires to develop
more equitable data policies that incorporate the needs of underrepresented communities into
technology design and governance. Kilhah is from the United States.

--- Evie Steele ---
Evie Steele is a student and journalist at Georgetown University’s School of Foreign Service. In the
classroom, Evie studies Asian History and Politics, focusing her research on the evolution of
Chinese press freedom over time. In the newsroom, she leads Georgetown’s newspaper, The Hoya, as
editor-in-chief, publishing award-winning coverage of student protests, admissions controversies,
and immigration issues. An aspiring foreign correspondent, she has covered international business
and U.S.–China relations for NBC News, CNN, and Voice of America. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Evie
hopes to understand how American media can better represent China beyond buzzwords. Evie is from the
United States and the United Kingdom.

--- Sabrina Steinberga ---
Sabrina Steinberga is an analyst at Barclays Corporate & Investment Bank, with a joint honors degree
in Business and Economics from Trinity College Dublin. She holds an active leadership role on the
Young People's Committee of the National Youth Council of Ireland, advocating for education on
sustainable finance. Selected for the European Leadership Academy, Sabrina has spoken at the Mobile
World Congress and Ireland's Internet Governance Forum. She aspires to leverage China's innovation
and expertise, designing accessible financing models that accelerate the development of sustainable
infrastructure, empowering communities to lead in the energy transition. Sabrina is from Ireland and
Latvia.

--- Philipp Alexander Steininger ---
Philipp studies Philosophy, Politics, and Economics at Central European University in Vienna and
holds a post-secondary degree in Renewable Energies and Sustainability. Over the past five years, he
has been active in the climate justice movement, organizing rallies, youth conferences, and serving
as Austria’s UNFCCC Youth Delegate (2022-2024). He co-represented three million young Austrians at
UN Climate Conferences in Sharm El-Sheikh and Dubai, collaborating with the Austrian delegation.
Philipp aims to promote pragmatic cooperation between Global North and Global South actors in
international climate politics. Philipp is from Austria.

--- Roxanne Stevenson-Brown ---
Roxanne Stevenson-Brown is a global healthcare leader and Founder of Find Care Compare, a start-up
that combats health system information inequality. Since graduating from the NHS Management Training
Scheme, she has held numerous senior operational roles in technology, cancer, and neurosciences. She
advocates for global healthcare collaboration as a China-United States Exchange Foundation scholar
and Director of Young China Watchers. Academically, Roxanne completed the Elizabeth Garrett Anderson
Healthcare Leadership programme, and holds an MSc China &amp; Globalisation and BSc Political
Economy. Through Schwarzman Scholars, Roxanne hopes to explore global business and policy
interaction in health. Roxanne is from the United Kingdom.

--- Nasir Stovall ---
Nasir Stovall is a third-year Harvard Medical School student. He received a Fulbright Scholarship to
serve as an American ambassador and English Teaching Assistant in rural Taiwan. He has published
papers and presented at national conferences on genomics research conducted at MIT and Harvard, as
well as orthopedics and neurosurgery research at Massachusetts General Hospital. Throughout college
and medical school, he led mentoring programs for underprivileged students to expand access to
higher education. He hopes to apply insights from China’s healthcare system to bridge the gap
between U.S. hospital systems and community health needs. Nasir is from the United States.

--- Mustafa Syed ---
Mustafa Syed graduated magna cum laude from Michigan State University with a degree in Religious
Studies. He founded REZA, the first footwear brand to embed glass fiber, and holds three design
patents. As president of the MSU Entrepreneurship Association, Mustafa helped cultivate
entrepreneurial growth on campus. His work in product development and supply chain in Shenzhen,
Guangzhou, and Taipei supported REZA's global reach, shipping to 50 states and 30 countries. A
Techstars alum and one of its youngest solo founders, Mustafa aims to unite communities through
entrepreneurship, focusing on consumer technology. He is a British-born American of Pakistani
origin.

--- Sarah Syed ---
Sarah Syed is a lawyer, trailblazer, and musician who empowers others to find their voice. She holds
an Honors Bachelor of Science with distinction from the University of Toronto and a Juris Doctor
from the University of Windsor. She co-founded Global Youth Impact, an NGO mobilizing thousands of
youth through social justice and empowerment. Her micro-documentary on intellectual property earned
recognition from the World Intellectual Property Organization. As a singer-songwriter with
DEYSofficial, she writes and performs songs on global issues featured by the United Nations. Sarah
aims to foster cross-cultural collaboration through China’s innovation and education. Sarah is from
Canada.

--- Lucas Tai ---
Lucas Tai graduated summa cum laude from Ohio State University with a B.S. in Economics and Public
Policy Analysis. He works at Ford Motor Company, where he has completed rotations in electric
vehicle planning, sustainability strategy, and government affairs. Passionate about the intersection
of the public and private sectors, Lucas held internships at the White House Office of Management
and Budget and the United States Senate, where he focused on industrial and economic policy. Hailing
from Cleveland, Ohio, Lucas hopes to glean industrial policy lessons from China to bring economic
revitalization to the Midwest. Lucas is from the United States.

--- Noah Tan ---
Noah Tan is a Gaither Junior Fellow at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, specializing
in technology and international security. He earned a bachelor’s degree in International Relations
with honors and distinction from Stanford University, where his thesis focused on U.S.–China trade
and tariff policy. At Stanford, he was a research affiliate at the Center for International Security
and Cooperation, a student fellow at the Hoover Institution, a coxswain for the Men’s Rowing Team,
the president of the Pre-Law Society, and the editor-in-chief of the Journal of International
Affairs. He will soon pursue a J.D. at Harvard Law School. Noah is from the United States.

--- Xuanlin Tang ---
Xuanlin Tang is a graduate of Tsinghua University, where she won the university’s Challenge Cup
championship for her research. She twice earned China’s National Scholarship, was recognized as an
academic top student under the Ministry of Education’s 101 Program, and represented the 3rd Tsinghua
Youth Dialogue. She also captained the Tsinghua Rixin College running team, founded the university’s
first English speech association, and led English public speaking workshops. During her exchange at
Cornell University, she joined the Undergraduate Research Board, served as a peer mentor, and
competed in U.S. collegiate speech tournaments. Xuanlin is from China.

--- Jo Teo ---
Jo Teo is a physicist and science communicator with a master’s degree in Mathematical and
Theoretical Physics from the University of Oxford. They founded Data Rakyat, a civic education
initiative that breaks down current affairs through data-driven storytelling. With professional
experience in education and a growing presence in civic and political advocacy, Jo leverages public
platforms to make discourse in Singapore more inclusive, transparent, and evidence-based. As a
Schwarzman Scholar, they aim to deepen their understanding of governance and develop scalable tools
for participatory democracy that close the gap between everyday citizens and policymakers. Jo is
from Singapore.

--- Aryan Thakur ---
Aryan Thakur is a fourth-year at the University of Georgia studying genetics and mathematics. With a
digital health startup in Atlanta, Aryan uses AI technologies to build digital health tools which
ease administrative burdens on physicians and improve patient outcomes. Aryan is an accomplished
artist: he brought the Inside Out Project, a global participatory art project, to Athens, GA and co-
founded Treehouse Zine, an art magazine. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Aryan is eager to learn from
China's digital health system, combining cultural adaptation and modern digital health technology to
advance global health equity. Aryan is from the United States.

--- Alicia Tien ---
Weei (Alicia) Tien is an investment banking professional and climate strategist focused on
ASEAN–global cooperation. She began her career in Southeast Asia and China, working on cross-border
IPOs and M&amp;A projects while advising companies on global expansion. She has organized large-
scale forums and contributed to multimillion-dollar deals. Alicia founded the Tsinghua China-ASEAN
Association to strengthen regional academic and policy ties, and serves as Malaysia’s representative
to the EU in ASEAN Youth Sounding Board. A One Young World Net Zero Scholar and Global Citizen Youth
Leader, she began her master's in Management at Tsinghua University at age 19. Alicia is from
Malaysia.

--- Sara Torres ---
Sara Torres is the Outreach Officer at the TIDE Centre at the University of Oxford, where she leads
engagement with partners on industrial policy, technology transfer, and biodiversity for innovation
across the Global South. She has political risk analysis experience with leading think tanks,
including the Wilson Center and the Council on Foreign Relations, and with consulting firms,
including Eurasia Group. She co-founded the Oxford Latin American Society, and, earlier, the Tufts
Latin American Committee. She holds a Master of Philosophy in Latin American Studies from the
University of Oxford and bachelor’s degrees in International Relations and Latin American Studies
from Tufts University. Sara is from Colombia and Spain.

--- Kaitlyn Tran ---
Kaitlyn Tran is a senior at Harvard University studying Government and History, where she focuses on
comparative politics, colonial history, and migration. These interests are reflected professionally
in previous internships at the U.S. International Development Finance Corporation, Norwegian Refugee
Council USA, and Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs (VSFS). Kaitlyn is also passionate about
international dialogues, having served as a delegate at the 69th UN Commission on the Status of
Women. As a Schwarzman Scholar, she seeks to shape humanitarian and development financing in the
Global South amid great power competition. Kaitlyn is from the United States.

--- Jira Trinetkamol ---
Jira Trinetkamol is an urbanist, government affairs consultant, and aspiring policymaker dedicated
to decentralizing Thailand’s development. To advance this mission, he advises a Member of Parliament
on Thailand's national decentralization and reskilling policy. Jira worked at the California
Governor’s Office, Brookings Institution, and U.S. Chamber of Commerce, co-organized a Thai–U.S.
Trade & Investment Summit, and founded a nonprofit aiding Thailand’s homeless elderly. He is
trilingual in Thai, English, and Mandarin and triple-majored in Economics, Political Science, and
Urban Studies at UC Irvine. He aspires to study China's regional development strategies to
strengthen Thailand's secondary cities. Jira is from Thailand.

--- Alex Tseng ---
Alex Tseng is a senior at Princeton University studying Electrical and Computer Engineering. Driven
by a mission for affordable, reliable, and decarbonized electricity, he has published research on
machine learning and optimization for improved grid control. The founder and president of WattOur,
an early-stage company providing intelligent grid services, he works to bridge technical innovation
with the social, regulatory, and geopolitical realities of power markets. Outside of energy, he is
an awarded pianist and sits on the board of the Princeton University Energy Association, Orange Key
Tour Guides organization, Club Tennis Team, and Woodcarving Club. Alex is from the United States.

--- Davis Tyler-Dudley ---
Davis Tyler-Dudley is an entrepreneur leading a startup that provides autonomous AI-powered
negotiation for businesses. Previously, he was a consultant at McKinsey and Company working on
national security projects for the U.S. federal government. He graduated from Harvard University,
focusing on international affairs and U.S. foreign policy. Outside of the classroom, Davis learned
several languages and led the Harvard International Relations Council, where he ran conferences with
thousands of attendees taking place around the world. As a Schwarzman Scholar, he hopes to explore
ways to navigate and negotiate the U.S.-China rivalry without conflict. Davis is from the United
States.

--- Edozie Umunna ---
Chukwuedozie (Edozie) Umunna is a recent graduate of American University where he studied Political
Science and Communication Studies. Edozie holds a zealous passion for progressive politics and
policy, something he pursued as a regional organizer for Vice President Kamala Harris' presidential
campaign. During his time at American University, Edozie served as an intern with the Office of
Senator Elizabeth Warren, the U.S. Department of State, the Democratic National Committee, and the
U.S. Embassy in Cyprus. After returning from Beijing, Edozie hopes to further engage in American
government administration. Edozie is from the United States.

--- Rozmet Urunov ---
Urunov Rozmet is a globally connected leader with significant experience in international business,
fluent in six languages. He holds a BA in Chinese Language from Central China Normal University and
an MA in Psychology from Hangzhou Normal University. He has made substantial contributions to
Turkmenistan's economy in the agricultural sector and is an advocate for the Belt and Road
Initiative. He has collaborated on various projects with the Turkmen Parliament and established
international partnerships across China, the United States, Dubai, and Uzbekistan. As a co-founder
of Golden Drop, he has demonstrated his entrepreneurial spirit. Urunov is from Turkmenistan.

--- Zach Valentine ---
Zachary Valentine is a senior at Brigham Young University double majoring in Neuroscience and
Chinese. He is a neuroscience research leader at the Yorgason Lab, a founding member of the Rural
Public Health Scholars program, and has worked extensively with refugee health initiatives. He has
spent his past two summers conducting chronic pain research at Duke University and studying Mandarin
at National Taiwan Normal University in Taipei. In the future, he aims to improve global healthcare
systems and health policy, particularly focusing on underserved communities. Zach is from the United
States.

--- Jordan Van Doren ---
Jordan Van Doren studied Global Affairs at Yale University, where she directed an eight-member
capstone team that briefed senior leaders at U.S. Indo-Pacific Command on Sino-U.S. economic policy.
She has led pro bono legal aid work supporting domestic violence survivors and mentors Ukrainian
refugees through the university admissions process. At the Reischauer Center for East Asian Studies
and the National Committee on U.S.–China Relations, she is developing educational initiatives on
Sino-Caribbean development finance. Jordan aspires to build a career bridging Caribbean
infrastructure development with China’s expanding role in foreign lending. Jordan holds citizenship
from the United States, Jamaica, and Switzerland.

--- Eduardo Vasconcelos Goyanna Filho ---
Eduardo Vasconcelos is a senior at Harvard University studying Economics and Government. Originally
from Brazil, Eduardo is a Forbes 30 Under 30 and a full scholarship recipient at Harvard. He has
served as co-president of two student organizations, the Harvard Association Cultivating Inter-
American Democracy and the Brazil Conference. Eduardo is the co-founder of Young Peacebuilders,
Brazil's leading NGO for preventing school violence. He has worked at the World Bank, Brazil's
Congress, and the Central Bank of Thailand. He is a recipient of the Davis Projects for Peace award
and the Harvard Dean’s prize for best oratorical skills in his class. Eduardo is from Brazil.

--- Ernie Vita ---
Ernie Vita is a consultant at the Boston Consulting Group working across diverse functions and
industries, with a particular focus on strategy, risk management, and operations within the energy
sector. Passionate about mentorship, he volunteers with multiple organizations, helping students and
young professionals navigate career decisions. Ernie is a summa cum laude graduate of Texas A&M
University, where he studied geology and economics while serving as the president of the Student
Geosciences Council. As a Schwarzman Scholar, he aims to explore China’s energy system, including
the country’s leading role in renewable energy and innovation. Ernie is from the United States.

--- Charlotte Wang ---
Xuwanqi (Charlotte) Wang is currently pursuing three degrees in the World Bachelor in Business
program at the University of Southern California, the Hong Kong University of Science and
Technology, and Bocconi University. A serial entrepreneur since high school, she founded Lone Ranger
Consultants, providing strategic assistance for international partners; SparkLab Sharing Campus,
supporting local students who couldn’t go aboard to study during the pandemic; and EDspresso, a
networking platform fostering global youth exchange through coffee chats. In addition, Xuwanqi is a
film and television director, producer, and independent musician, pursuing a minor at the USC School
of Cinematic Arts. Xuwanqi is from China.

--- Falecie Wang ---
Falecie Wang studies political science and history at the University of California, Los Angeles. She
is the current editor in chief of the student-run Daily Bruin, where she leads a staff of 500. Prior
to that, she served as the editor of The Bruin's investigative journalism section, where her work
exposed misconduct, systemic inequity, and issues of public concern. As part of several labs, she
has conducted research related to environmental issues and sustainability. Falecie is passionate
about equity, diversity, and inclusion reporting and dedicated to exploring how social justice
issues intersect with policy-making. Falecie is from the United States.

--- James Wang ---
Xiaolong (James) Wang is pursuing a master’s degree in Foreign Service at Georgetown University,
focusing on artificial intelligence and digital infrastructure regulation. He graduated from the
University of Toronto with a double major in Political Science and Philosophy, where he led the Pre-
Law Society, served on the University Tribunal adjudicating disciplinary cases, and directed Trinity
College’s Academic Advising Program. He interned at the NATO Association of Canada, advancing public
diplomacy initiatives. As Compliance Director at the G20 Research Group, he monitors member-state
commitments and presented his team’s findings to world leaders at the 2025 G20 Summit in
Johannesburg, South Africa. James grew up in Singapore and is from China.

--- Paul Wang ---
Currently a Fulbright English teaching assistant in Taiwan, Paul Wang recently graduated from
Bowdoin College where he studied biology and environmental studies. He also served his college
community as student body president, student representative to the Board of Trustees, co-president
of the Outing Club, and in other distinguished leadership positions. Passionate about the
intersection of land conservation, environmental justice, and finance, he worked on global
initiatives at The World Wildlife Fund, The Nature Conservancy, and sustainability focused private
equity firms; he has also spent time as a farmhand and shellfish harvester in Maine. Paul is from
the United States.

--- Roxana Wang ---
Qinhong (Roxana) Wang graduated from University of California, Berkeley as the top student in
Comparative Literature and Classics. She published on cultural property law and the narratives
surrounding cultural heritage and worked at an NGO combatting cultural racketeering. She has worked
with UPenn to advise California tribes on the management of their cultural and natural resources and
co-authored a national-level tourism management plan for the Sundarbans, Bangladesh’s World Heritage
Site. She initiated and led projects with ICOMOS IICC and a Central American heritage education
network. She aspires to become a leading voice at the intersection of cultural heritage and
international relations. Roxana is from Nanjing, China.

--- Zilu Wang ---
Zilu Wang is passionate about the intersection of AI and art, with a particular focus on AI music.
He has founded several AI-related projects, such as using large language models (LLMs) to help
multinational companies with tariff code lookup, as well as using LLMs to advise college students on
course selection. Zilu is dedicated to building great products, marketing them, and recruiting
talented people to join his ventures. Prior to his work in AI, he was a full-time music producer,
composing for various artists and events, including the Tsinghua Global Youth Dialogue summit at
Tsinghua University. Zilu graduated from Cornell University. Zilu is from China.

--- Schuyler Wei ---
Shunwen (Schuyler) Wei, a student at Tsinghua University, majors in Philosophy, Politics, and
Economics. He has interned at FAO, IFAD, BCG, where he developed a passion for supporting Chinese
entrepreneurs in starting their businesses in Africa. At Tsinghua, he was the president of the
Tsinghua Impact Consulting Association, vice president of Tsinghua Student Entrepreneurship
Association, and a key member of the Tsinghua Global Youth Dialogue, honing skills in leadership and
cross-cultural exchange. He is also an enthusiast of frisbee, founding Frisbee Links, a global
program where he combines his enthusiasm for frisbee with global youth engagement. Schuyler is from
China.

--- Shankai Wei ---
Shankai Wei is a researcher in environmental and energy policy whose work bridges scientific
analysis and global governance. As the co-author of two peer-reviewed studies on vegetation
greenness under climate extremes, he has contributed to understanding climate resilience across
China and globally. At UCL, he leads cross-institutional research on the marginal carbon cost curve
through afforestation and previously coordinated international conferences on carbon budget
governance. Shankai chose to study sustainability in addition to economics, aiming to develop
equitable transition frameworks through data and diplomacy. He aspires to shape climate policy that
reflects both environmental science and social justice. He is a citizen of China.

--- Austin West ---
Austin West is a graduate student at the University of Oklahoma studying Public Administration. They
are passionate about a future working for their Nation, Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma. Motivated by
this passion, Austin has served as a Choctaw-Ireland Scholar at University College Cork,
strengthening the bilateral relationship between the Choctaw Nation and Ireland. They have also
completed service through AmeriCorps NCCC and worked with the Government Relations Team of their
tribe. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Austin hopes to learn creative policy ideas to better work for their
tribe in the future. Austin is from the Choctaw Nation and the United States.

--- Amanda Whylie ---
Amanda Whylie is a senior at the University of Georgia majoring in Entertainment and Media Studies
with a minor in Spanish. She has directed secen films addressing issues like discrimination and
ethnocentrism. Amanda has also researched media imperialism and film market sustainability, earning
the Building Bridges Scholarship for her diversity efforts. On campus, she supports aspiring
filmmakers and investigates the cultural preservation of Kichwa through film with the Latin American
and Caribbean Studies Institute. Amanda is dedicated to improving Jamaica's entertainment landscape
through filmmaking, policy, and advocacy. Amanda is from Jamaica.

--- Garrett Williams ---
Garrett Williams is a rising leader in the media and entertainment industry. As a strategy and
innovation associate at AGBO, the independent studio behind Everything Everywhere All at Once, he
supports the company’s investments in AI and gaming. At Bain &amp; Company, he advised clients in
the media, consumer, and technology industries. He graduated summa cum laude from the University of
Georgia with degrees in finance and economics. Garrett aims to guide the media &amp; entertainment
industry through the next technological revolution, leveraging technology to foster a more
innovative and equitable global media landscape. Garrett is from the United States.

--- Ishmael Williams ---
Ishmael Williams focuses on enhancing the physical and overall quality of life for individuals and
communities alike. His research endeavors have spanned across a variety of health-related topics,
including metabolomics at the National Cancer Institute, education advocacy in Ethiopia with Harvard
T.H. Chan School of Public Health, and diabetes with Johns Hopkins University. As a Gilman Scholar,
he helped to provide access to healthcare and nutritious foods in rural Peru. He hopes to deepen his
understanding of the multidimensional aspects of wellness in China and learn about improvements to
health and life outcomes. Ishmael is from the United States.

--- Jamaal Willis ---
Jamaal (Jama) Willis graduated cum laude from Harvard College in Government and African and African
American Studies. As the co-president of the Harvard Undergraduate Foreign Policy Initiative, he
organized conferences in Turkey and South Korea while researching for the Pentagon, NATO, and
foreign governments. At Harvard, Jama interned for the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Embassy in
Trinidad & Tobago, and Amnesty International. After Beijing, he aspires to be an international human
rights attorney, advancing Caribbean socio-political rights for diaspora citizens and promoting
regional institutional development. Jama is a dual citizen of the United States and Jamaica.

--- Richard Wilson ---
Richard Wilson II is a deal analyst at Harlem Capital, where he supports sourcing and due diligence
for high-impact investment opportunities. Previously a technical program manager at Meta, he worked
across supply chain, product refinement, and quality measurement functions throughout his career.
Richard has completed venture fellowships at Keyhorse Capital, Ripple Ventures, and YC-backed
startups. He earned his B.S. and M.Eng. in Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management,
respectively, from the University of Louisville. As a Schwarzman Scholar, Richard hopes to
understand China’s venture capital ecosystem to help diverse-led VC firms ensure financial
sustainability. Richard is from the United States.

--- Eva Wu ---
Luqi (Eva) Wu graduated from Columbia University in May 2024 with a major in Financial Economics and
a concentration in Psychology. Eva is passionate about exploring various forms of storytelling
through music, film, and journalism. She has conducted journalism projects both in China and
internationally, covering stories that are important to local communities and bridging cultures.
Since graduating from Columbia, she continues to work with companies in the media and entertainment
sector. As a Schwarzman Scholar, she aims to engage with China's media landscape and bring stories
to life by leveraging her experience in diversified content and finance. Eva is from Beijing, China.

--- Junhui Xu ---
Junhui (Chris) Xu graduated from Fudan University and University of California, San Diego, focusing
on international relations, quantitative social sciences, and technology policy. He has worked at
BCG, the UN DESA, and UN-Habitat, focusing on how technology can improve lives and support the
development of inclusive smart cities. He is also dedicated to enhancing human-to-human
communication through his research at UCSD and Cornell University. As an undergraduate, he helped
host a global governance competition, provided free English public speaking training that empowered
over 8,000 students and followers, and built an inter-community, intergenerational coalition at a
legal clinic in Manhattan's Chinatown to preserve urban memories amid rapid gentrification. Junhui
is from China.

--- Harry Yang ---
Zhou (Harry) Yang is a senior at Georgetown University, majoring in Culture and Politics with a
minor in Global Development Studies. As a member of the School of Foreign Service Academic Council,
he plays an active role in reshaping the curriculum and advocating for greater inclusion of transfer
students in campus life. Zhou’s professional experience includes internships at the Food and
Agriculture Organization of the United Nations and Beijing’s Palace Museum. As a Schwarzman Scholar,
Zhou aims to deepen his understanding of global frameworks for cultural heritage protection and
explore innovative solutions to preserving cultural legacies in the face of conflicts. Zhou is from
China.

--- Jing Jing Yang ---
Xiaohan (Jing Jing) Yang graduated from Brown University with degrees in Economics and Behavioral
Decision Sciences. She took gap years to intern at Apple, Deloitte, and CICC, and co-founded two
startups: Linkr, a scaling and monetization platform for content creators, and PrintBard, a print-
on-demand service connecting companies with quality Chinese suppliers. At Brown, Jing Jing provided
language and cultural mentorship to Chinese-American adoptees as the president of China Care,
organized sustainable investing conferences, and consulted for nonprofits and startups. Through
Schwarzman Scholars, she will continue combining her passions for product and marketing with
bridging the cultural divide between China and the world. Jing Jing is from Hong Kong S.A.R, China.

--- Travis Ye ---
Tiansheng (Travis) Ye, a global business and finance student at The Hong Kong University of Science
and Technology, is the founder of a biotech startup developing sustainable, insect-derived biofuel
solutions. As an impact-driven Hong Kong Jockey Club Scholar, he has launched a water-saving program
during the water crisis in Cape Town, led empowerment programs for students from rural Hunan, and
founded a campus internationalization initiative engaging 2,000 students in Hong Kong. With
experience living in five countries and a problem-solving mindset honed during his time at McKinsey,
he aspires to drive global partnerships in sustainable innovation. Travis is from China.

--- Husnaa Zamarai ---
Husnaa Zamarai has held strategic roles at the Boston Consulting Group, Royal Bank of Canada,
Toronto Metropolitan University, and a tech startup incubator supporting marginalized entrepreneurs.
She currently works with NGOs in Morocco, designing income-generating projects and skills training
programs for widows and at-risk youth. As the president of Canada’s largest student-elected business
association, Husnaa led national award-winning initiatives addressing challenges like food
insecurity, access to professional attire, student space revitalizations, and subsidizing course
materials. She also created entrepreneurship and financial literacy programs benefiting over 8,000
newcomer women in Toronto. Husnaa is from Canada and Afghanistan.

--- Catherine Zeng ---
Catherine Zeng is a pianist who views music as a powerful tool for cultural diplomacy and global
healing. Trained by Dan Zhaoyi and now studying at the Royal College of Music, she founded a
student-led charity at 11, bringing music therapy to pediatric leukemia wards. Her solo recital
raised 2.67 million yuan to fund scholarships for underprivileged Tibetan students. In 2022, she
became the youngest Chinese NGO delegate to sign a memorandum of understanding with the World Health
Organization. Through Schwarzman Scholars, she aims to leverage music, philanthropy, and policy to
foster cross-cultural exchange and sustainable global leadership. Catherine is from Hong Kong
S.A.R., China.

--- Angel Zhang ---
Jiajie (Angel) Zhang is a senior at Harvard University studying Integrative Biology and Economics.
Passionate about human–nature coexistence, she worked at The Nature Conservancy Shanghai to restore
native biodiversity through urban habitats, the Mangrove Conservation Foundation to strengthen
Greater Bay Area coastal resilience, and the Hong Kong Green Finance Association to advance
capacity-building on nature-based solutions and biodiversity finance. Angel also conducts field
research in Kenya with the Harvard University Davies Lab, using remote sensing to map human–lion
conflict and inform mitigation strategies. As the co-president of the Harvard College China Forum,
Angel is dedicated to fostering multilateral dialogue and collaborative solutions to global
ecological challenges. Angel is from Hong Kong S.A.R., China.

--- Dora Zhang ---
Jiayi (Dora) Zhang is a senior at Peking University’s Guanghua School of Management, majoring in
Business and Finance. She has interned at HSBC Investment Banking, as well as at various venture
capital and private equity firms, where she contributed to the growth and fundraising efforts of
companies at different stages. Combining her passion for music with her business acumen, Jiayi co-
founded an independent band, applying her leadership skills to build its multi-platform online
presence. She aims to create music platforms that amplify voices from China on the global stage.
Jiayi is committed to integrating creativity, music, and leadership to foster cultural exchange and
appreciation. Dora is from Shanghai, China.

--- Elaine Zhang ---
Qingyan (Elaine) Zhang double majors in Math and Public Policy Studies with a minor in Statistics at
Duke University. On campus, Elaine serves as the president of the Public Policy Majors’ Union and
the Executive Print Editor of the Duke Undergraduate Law Review. Elaine is passionate about
leveraging data-driven tools to address social and policy challenges, with a particular interest in
international data governance. Through her internship at a global non-profit organization and
participation in the international conference, Elaine contributed to the research and conversations
in the field. In the future, Elaine hopes to advance ethical and responsible international data
governance frameworks. Elaine is from China.

--- James Zhang ---
James Zhang is a senior at Princeton University studying Computer Science. A researcher and
entrepreneur, he is passionate about developing scalable and safe AI. His current work, which
received Princeton’s Campus Impact Award, focuses on digitizing historical documents with large
language models. He is president emeritus of Princeton Entrepreneurship Club and an organizer for
Princeton AI Alignment. Previously, he served as product lead for a student-founded startup and
founded a nonprofit promoting the study of linguistics in secondary education. As a Schwarzman
Scholar, James seeks to cultivate a collaborative China-U.S. spirit in AI innovation. James is from
the United States.

--- Lochlan Zhang ---
Liyuan (Lochlan) Zhang is a senior at Columbia University in the dual BA program with Trinity
College Dublin, studying History and English Literature. He is a Saltzman Scholar and a research
assistant at the Saltzman Institute of War and Peace Studies. Lochlan serves as the publisher of the
Columbia Political Review and co-editor-in-chief of the Columbia Journal of Asia. He interned at
Carnegie China, organized a Global South-focused panel for the Columbia China Forum, and is
currently writing a thesis on the legacy of the International War Crimes Tribunal on the Vietnam
War. As a Schwarzman Scholar, he looks forward to a career in public international law. Lochlan is
from China.

--- Yixi Zhang ---
Yixi (Joe) Zhang will graduate from the University of Chicago with a bachelor’s degree in Economics.
His research examines international security and Chinese foreign policy, focusing on the
intersection of law and global governance. He has won awards at numerous international law
tournaments and, as coach of the UChicago Moot Court team, has led student advocates in arbitration
competitions while organizing events that foster inter-community dialogue. He has also interned at
various legal institutions and the World Peace Forum. Beyond academics, he supports programs that
empower local youth through debate and communication training. Joe is from China.

--- Yixuan Zhang ---
Yixuan Zhang graduated from Beijing Foreign Studies University with a degree in Portuguese. She is
dedicated to promoting tech-driven impact investment in emerging markets (EMs), like Latin America
and Small Island Developing States (SIDS), to catalyze a more efficient, inclusive, and equitable
global economy. Her professional endeavors span the public sector, private equity, venture capital
firms, and tech startups, where she has contributed to China Aid initiatives, early-stage overseas
investments across EMs, and large-scale M&A transactions, spearheading rigorous valuation and
strategic due diligence of target companies. As an investment influencer, Yixuan has demonstrated
foresight in identifying opportunities that inspired independent LPs to invest in Chinese tech
ventures. Yixuan is from China.

--- Yujing Zhang ---
Yujing Zhang is a global citizen fluent in Arabic, Chinese, French, and English, with a passion for
cross-cultural economic development. She holds a master’s degree in East Asian Studies from Stanford
University and graduated summa cum laude from New York University with a double major in Global
Liberal Studies and French and a minor in Middle Eastern &amp; Islamic Studies. As a fixed income
credit analyst at China Merchants Bank International in Hong Kong, she authored daily analysis
reports on Asia-Pacific and European corporate bonds to guide investment decisions. She previously
interned as a marketing strategist in Accra, Ghana, supporting women’s empowerment initiatives.
Yujing is from Guangzhou, China.

--- Jasmine Zhao ---
Jasmine Zhao is the founder of the Refugee Parliament Conference, a pioneering platform that brings
refugee voices into policymaking through partnerships with international organizations and policy
leaders such as UNHCR and the Montreal Refugee Center. Jasmine has led NGOs supporting marginalized
communities, launching educational programs and community drives that reached hundreds of
underprivileged children across China. She has gained international professional experience through
global corporations and conferences, including the World Peace Forum, where she coordinated over 100
international media outlets. A national golf athlete of China and accomplished musician who plays
seven instruments, Jasmine pursued a double major in International Development Studies and
Psychology at McGill University. Jasmine is from China.

--- Adele Zhong ---
Ziru Zhong, formerly the youngest associate globally at Actis, has been dedicated to pioneering
investments in digital infrastructure powered by renewable energy. She contributed to the
establishment of Actis’ first Climate Transition Fund and drove the inception and expansion of Epoch
Digital, a billion-dollar pan-Asia hyperscale data center platform. As a principal consultant and
founding member of Actis' global technology Hyperscaler Engagement Team, Ziru is actively exploring
AI infrastructure hubs worldwide, navigating geopolitical complexities while leveraging a 2GW
renewable energy portfolio to advance technology sustainably. As a Schwarzman Scholar, she aims to
bridge China and the world at the intersection of technology, geopolitics, and sustainability. Ziru
is from China.

--- Xueyi Zhou ---
Xueyi Zhou is a humanitarian worker with field experiences in Somalia, Bangladesh, and Moldova. In
Somalia, she led proposal development and project management worth over $35 million, which delivered
multisectoral support to over 200,000 internally displaced Somalis. Before the humanitarian career,
she graduated from Sciences Po in Paris with a master’s degree in International Development and dual
bachelor's degrees in International Politics and Translation and Interpreting at Zhejiang
University, where she was one of the 10th cohort Morningside Cultural China Scholars. Through
Schwarzman Scholars, she aims to facilitate China’s engagement in humanitarian assistance systems
and China’s leadership in driving transformative change. Xueyi is from China.

--- Wafia Zia ---
Wafia Zia is currently a procedural advisor in the House of Commons. She is a procedural advisor to
the Committee on Standards, the disciplinary body which oversees breaches of the Code of Conduct. As
part of this role, Wafia has worked with Parliaments internationally to improve lobbying and
transparency laws, most recently visiting Lesotho to draft a revised Code of Conduct. Wafia was
named on the Forbes 30 under 30 list for Social Impact. She has previously worked on the Transport
and Public Accounts Select Committees, advising on several high-profile inquiries. Wafia is from the
United Kingdom.

